The 10 best hotels close to Kalahari Waterpark Resort in Sandusky, United States Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels near Kalahari Waterpark Resort, Sandusky Enter your dates and choose from 74 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United States Sandusky Kalahari Waterpark Resort Featured hotels near Kalahari Waterpark Resort Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Tru By Hilton Sandusky, Oh Hotel in Sandusky (1.5 km from Kalahari Waterpark Resort) Featuring 2-star accommodation, Tru By Hilton Sandusky, Oh is set in Sandusky, 12 km from Cedar Point Amusement Park and 1.8 km from Kalahari Waterpark Resort. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 339 reviews Price from CAD 125 per night Check availability Fairfield by Marriott Inn & Suites Sandusky Hotel in Sandusky (2.6 km from Kalahari Waterpark Resort) Fairfield by Marriott Inn & Suites Sandusky features accommodation in Sandusky. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 88 reviews Price from CAD 132 per night Check availability Quality Inn & Suites Sandusky Hotel in Sandusky (1.3 km from Kalahari Waterpark Resort) Situated less than a mile from Highway 2, Quality Inn & Suites Sandusky offers rooms with free WiFi and cable TV with movie channels. Facilities include an indoor pool. Show more Show less 7.9 Good 287 reviews Price from CAD 71 per night Check availability Hampton Inn Sandusky-Central Hotel in Sandusky (1.6 km from Kalahari Waterpark Resort) Less than 8 km from Cedar Point Amusement Park, this hotel in downtown Sandusky, Ohio offers comfortable guestrooms with free high-speed internet access. Show more Show less 8 Very good 243 reviews Price from CAD 100 per night Check availability Best Western Plus Sandusky Hotel & Suites Hotel in Sandusky (1.7 km from Kalahari Waterpark Resort) Featuring an indoor therapy pool, this Best Western Plus Sandusky Hotel & Suites located in Sandusky, Ohio. Guest rooms include free WiFi and the hotel is 1.4 miles from Kalahari Water Park. Show more Show less 7.5 Good 686 reviews Price from CAD 113 per night Check availability Comfort Inn Sandusky Hotel in Sandusky (1.8 km from Kalahari Waterpark Resort) Featuring an indoor pool and hot tub, the Comfort Inn Sandusky hotel is located less than 8 km from Cedar Point amusement park and the Sandusky Mall. Show more Show less 6.7 Review score 874 reviews Price from CAD 102 per night Check availability See more properties near Kalahari Waterpark Resort Top 10 trending hotels near Kalahari Waterpark Resort Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Hampton Inn Sandusky-Central 3 stars Hotel in Sandusky #1 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 8.0 Very good 243 reviews Best Western Plus Sandusky Hotel & Suites 3 stars Hotel in Sandusky #2 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 7.5 Good 686 reviews La Quinta Inn by Wyndham Sandusky near Cedar Point 3 stars Hotel in Sandusky #3 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 7.1 Good 561 reviews Motel 6-Huron, OH - Sandusky 2 stars Hotel in Huron #4 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 6.5 Review score 523 reviews Wolf Inn Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Sandusky #5 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 5.7 Review score 1,534 reviews Comfort Inn River's Edge 4 stars Hotel in Huron #6 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 8.1 Very good 595 reviews Castaway Bay by Cedar Point Resorts 3 stars Hotel in Sandusky #7 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 7.8 Good 517 reviews Holiday Inn Express & Suites Sandusky, an IHG Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Sandusky #8 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 8.0 Very good 366 reviews Sawmill Creek by Cedar Point Resorts 3 stars Hotel in Sandusky #9 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 8.5 Very good 298 reviews Tru By Hilton Sandusky, Oh 2 stars Hotel in Sandusky #10 Booked hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 8.5 Very good 339 reviews See more hotels near Kalahari Waterpark Resort Hampton Inn Sandusky-Central 3 stars Hotel in Sandusky #1 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 8.0 Very good 243 reviews Best Western Plus Sandusky Hotel & Suites 3 stars Hotel in Sandusky #2 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 7.5 Good 686 reviews La Quinta Inn by Wyndham Sandusky near Cedar Point 3 stars Hotel in Sandusky #3 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 7.1 Good 561 reviews Motel 6-Huron, OH - Sandusky 2 stars Hotel in Huron #4 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 6.5 Review score 523 reviews Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Port Clinton, OH 2 stars Hotel in Port Clinton #5 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 8.1 Very good 902 reviews Econo Lodge Inn & Suites South Sandusky 2 stars Hotel in Sandusky #6 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 7.9 Good 899 reviews Sleep Inn & Suites Port Clinton 2 stars Hotel in Port Clinton #7 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 7.8 Good 316 reviews Wolf Inn Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Sandusky #8 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 5.7 Review score 1,534 reviews South Beach Resort Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Marblehead #9 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 7.9 Good 226 reviews Sawmill Creek by Cedar Point Resorts 3 stars Hotel in Sandusky #10 Wish-listed hotel near Kalahari Waterpark Resort 8.5 Very good 298 reviews See more hotels near Kalahari Waterpark Resort Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Kalahari Waterpark Resort See all Holiday Inn Express & Suites Sandusky, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Sandusky Breakfast options Located in Sandusky, Ohio, this Holiday Inn Express & Suites is 3.9 km from Cedar Point Amusement Park. The hotel offers a complimentary buffet breakfast and free WiFi access throughout the hotel. Clean rooms, beautiful hotel, ease to restaurants and surroundings. Highly recommended Show more Show less From CAD 134 per night 8.0 Very good 366 reviews Hampton Inn and Suites Sandusky/Milan Hotel in Milan Breakfast options Offering an indoor pool and a fitness centre, Hampton Inn and Suites Sandusky/Milan is located 20 minutes’ drive from Cedar Point Amusement Park. Free WiFi access is available. neat, clean, extremely friendly and welcoming staff. Angel and Bree were so king and helpful Show more Show less From CAD 125 per night 8.7 Fabulous 154 reviews Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Milan - Sandusky Area, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Milan Breakfast options Boasting an outdoor pool with a sundeck and free breakfast, Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Milan - Sandusky Area is located in Milan. Cedar Point is 19.8 km away from the hotel. Facilities were immaculate. Looked brand new. Super clean. The bed was also incredibly comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 142 per night 8.7 Fabulous 173 reviews Comfort Inn River's Edge Hotel in Huron Breakfast options Located on the banks of the Huron River, this hotel in Huron includes free WiFi access and a heated indoor pool for guests. Cedar Point Amusement Park is 16 km away from the hotel. Staff was welcoming & pleasant . Show more Show less From CAD 78 per night 8.1 Very good 595 reviews Holiday Inn Express Cleveland - Vermilion, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Vermilion Breakfast options Located 2 miles from the Lake Erie shore and downtown Vermillion, Ohio, this hotel is 22 miles from Cedar Point Amusement Park. It offers an indoor pool and free Wi-Fi. Place was clean. Staff was friendly. Show more Show less From CAD 139 per night 8.6 Fabulous 119 reviews Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Port Clinton-Catawba Island, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Port Clinton Breakfast options This Port Clinton, Ohio hotel is just 1.2 miles from African Safari Wildlife Park. The hotel offers a hot daily breakfast and guest rooms with free Wi-Fi. Great location!!! Breakfast was really good. Valerie was exceptional and accommodating for our stay! Show more Show less From CAD 133 per night 8.1 Very good 392 reviews Days Inn by Wyndham Milan Sandusky South Hotel in Milan Breakfast options Located in Milan, Ohio, this hotel features an indoor pool and a grab and go breakfast served daily. Free WiFi is available. A flat-screen cable TV is available in each room at the Milan Days Inn. Older facility but well maintained. Situated just off 80 90 turnpike on Milan Rd. Show more Show less From CAD 76 per night 5.7 Review score 431 reviews Quality Inn Milan-Sandusky Hotel in Milan Breakfast options The Quality Inn Cedar Point South is ideally located off the Ohio Turnpike, just seven miles from the Cedar Point amusement park. We took our grandsons on vacation and they loved the inside pool perfect temperature! Show more Show less From CAD 91 per night 6.7 Review score 367 reviews Budget hotels near Kalahari Waterpark Resort See all The Cedar Motel Hotel in Sandusky Budget Hotel Situated in Sandusky, within 19 km of Cedar Point Amusement Park and 11 km of African Safari Wildlife Park, The Cedar Motel features accommodation with a garden and free WiFi as well as free private... Great location , close to attractions, fishing w/ bait shop & a few restaurants Show more Show less From CAD 107 per night 8.6 Fabulous 100 reviews Explorer Rest & Recreation Hotel in Sandusky Budget Hotel Explorer Rest & Recreation features free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Sandusky. It was very clean and very quiet which was pretty peaceful for us . Show more Show less From CAD 97 per night 8.5 Very good 11 reviews Sleep Inn & Suites Port Clinton Hotel in Port Clinton Budget Hotel The Sleep Inn & Suites hotel is conveniently located on the north coast of Lake Erie. This hotel is close to Put-in-Bay, Kelleys Island, African Safari Wildlife Park and the Marblehead Lighthouse. The bed was a dream to sleep on. Show more Show less From CAD 81 per night 7.8 Good 316 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Sandusky Hotel in Sandusky Budget Hotel Super 8 by Wyndham Sandusky is located in Sandusky, 4.7 km from Cedar Point Amusement Park and 9.3 km from Kalahari Waterpark Resort. Location to Cedar Point, shopping, restaurants was awesome! Show more Show less From CAD 79 per night 7.0 Good 817 reviews Econo Lodge Norwalk Hotel in Norwalk Budget Hotel The Econo Lodge is located within minutes of the Ohio Turnpike on State Route 250, close to the Cedar Point Amusement Park. Very friendly staff & front desk . Made us feel welcome. Show more Show less From CAD 77 per night 4.8 Review score 137 reviews Best Western Norwalk Hotel in Norwalk Budget Hotel Located 9 miles from Kalahari Waterpark, Best Western Norwalk features an indoor heated pool and hot tub. This non-smoking Ohio hotel offers in-room safes, free Wi-Fi and cable TV with HBO. The location was good, clean, and smoke-free. The stay was appreciated by the family. Show more Show less From CAD 106 per night 7.2 Good 291 reviews La Quinta Inn by Wyndham Sandusky near Cedar Point Hotel in Sandusky Budget Hotel This La Quinta Inn Sandusky near Cedar point, Ohio is 5 miles from the Cedar Point Amusement Park and is 6 minutes’ drive from the Sandusky city centre. The location was perfect since it was so close to the sports center. The price was also amazing! Show more Show less From CAD 94 per night 7.1 Good 561 reviews Motel 6-Milan, OH - Sandusky Hotel in Milan Budget Hotel Offering an outdoor swimming pool, Motel 6 - Sandusky - Milan is located in Milan, Ohio. Free Wi-Fi access is available. price was nomnal, no breakfast but they did have coffee Show more Show less From CAD 72 per night 6.3 Review score 168 reviews Hotels with great access to Kalahari Waterpark Resort! See all Cedar Point Hotel Breakers Hotel in Sandusky Great location This beachfront hotel with free WiFi access is located 2 minutes’ walk from Cedar Point Amusement Park and Cedar Point Shores water park. We really love the location. I mean it was basically right in the park. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 286 reviews Cedar Stables Inn & Suites Hotel in Sandusky Great location Set in Sandusky, 4.6 km from Cedar Point Amusement Park, Cedar Stables Inn & Suites offers accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. The room was very nice and looked exactly like the pictures. Very Clean! Show more Show less From CAD 161 per night 7.9 Good 198 reviews Castaway Bay by Cedar Point Resorts Hotel in Sandusky Great location This hotel boasts admission to the on-site indoor water park and has an outdoor pool with sun terrace. Cedar Point Amusement Park and Cedar Point Shores Water Park are 2.5 km from the hotel. We loved the waterpark. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly. Show more Show less From CAD 188 per night 7.8 Good 517 reviews Sandusky Inn Hotel in Sandusky Great location Sandusky Inn is set in Sandusky, within 7 km of Cedar Point Amusement Park and 7 km of Kalahari Waterpark Resort. The 2-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom and free WiFi. The hotel is in a great location in town- close to restaurants and supermarkets, and also easy... Show more Show less From CAD 90 per night 7.4 Good 167 reviews Days Inn by Wyndham Sandusky Cedar Point Hotel in Sandusky Great location Situated within 9 km of Cedar Point Amusement Park and 2.3 km of Kalahari Waterpark Resort, Days Inn by Wyndham Sandusky Cedar Point offers rooms in Sandusky. The room was clean and bed was so comfy. Great price Show more Show less From CAD 101 per night 6.6 Review score 253 reviews Baymont by Wyndham Sandusky Hotel in Sandusky Great location Baymont Inn & Suites Sandusky is located less than one mile from the main entrance to the Cedar Point amusement park and one mile to the Griffing Sandusky Airport. Replaced our fridge promptly. Great Shower pressure! Show more Show less 6.2 Review score 485 reviews Rodeway Inn North Hotel in Sandusky Great location The Rodeway Inn North hotel is located less than 1 km from the Cedar Point amusement park and 3 km from the Sandusky Mall. Free WiFi is available. I don't know the book keepers name but she was absolutely great. Show more Show less 6.1 Review score 504 reviews Wolf Inn Hotel Hotel in Sandusky Great location Wolf Inn Hotel is centrally located near a variety of attractions and shopping centers. Cedar Point Amusement Park, Sandusky Mall and Sandusky Speedway are all less than 3.2 km away. The RIGHT intersection of Value vs. Price Point! It's CLEAN, and Staff are COURTEOUS! Show more Show less From CAD 47 per night 5.7 Review score 1,534 reviews Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Amtrak - Cleveland Station For easy access to local transport, stay near Amtrak - Cleveland Station, not too far from Kalahari Waterpark Resort. Car hire in Sandusky Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels near Cleveland Hopkins International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Toledo Express Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Cedar Point Amusement Park Places to stay near another famous landmark. Hotels near Cleveland Clinic Places to stay near another famous landmark. Hotels in Cleveland Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Cleveland, not too far from Kalahari Waterpark Resort. Hotels in Toledo Find more hotels in a city close to Kalahari Waterpark Resort. Hotels in Milan Find more hotels in a city close to Kalahari Waterpark Resort. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870070,1871440