The World's Best Guest Houses | Booking.com
 Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Guest houses Be our guest! The best guest houses in locations you love. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. Try searching for... Dubai Eilat Amsterdam + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Photo: La Tillaie, Pont l'Abbe d'Arnoult Featured guest house destinations Check out these popular destinations for guest houses Rome Italy 2188 guest houses Naples Italy 768 guest houses Ubud Indonesia 507 guest houses Madrid Spain 457 guest houses Cape Town South Africa 409 guest houses London United Kingdom 386 guest houses Lisbon Portugal 371 guest houses Florence Italy 338 guest houses Palermo Italy 321 guest houses Marrakech Morocco 315 guest houses Split Croatia 287 guest houses Verona Italy 285 guest houses We love these guest houses in Dubai 407B - Studio Apartment in Discovery Gardens Discovery Gardens, Dubai 9.0 Superb 5 reviews Situated in Dubai, 6.7 km from Gurunanak Darbar Sikh Temple and 7.7 km from The Walk at JBR, 407B - Studio Apartment in Discovery Gardens offers a garden and air conditioning. Among the facilities at this property are a 24-hour front desk and a lift, along with free WiFi throughout the property. The property is non-smoking and is located 8.2 km from The Montgomery, Dubai. A minimarket is available at the guest house. For guests with children, the guest house features a children's playground. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house Serenity Paradise 2BR in Marina Dubai Marina, Dubai 9.5 Exceptional 60 reviews Serenity Paradise 2BR in Marina is a sustainable guest house in Dubai, offering free WiFi, infinity pool and indoor pool. Guests can take in the sea views and spend some time on the beach. The property has lake and garden views, and is 700 metres from Barasti Beach. The accommodation features a 24-hour front desk and a lift for guests. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house Heritage Home Guest House Bur Dubai, Dubai 8.1 Very good 116 reviews Located in Dubai, less than 1 km from Grand Mosque, Heritage Home Guest House provides accommodation with a garden, free WiFi, a 24-hour front desk, and full-day security. This sustainable guest house is located 7.7 km from Dubai World Trade Centre and 10 km from City Walk Mall. The guest house features family rooms. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house XVA Art Hotel Bur Dubai, Dubai 8.7 Fabulous 607 reviews XVA Art hotel is situated within the heart of historic Al Bastakiya. It offers elegant rooms featuring art by well-established designers and artists from the region, including Zayan Ghandour and Numa. Free WiFi is available. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house DARÏ Umm Suqeim, Dubai 8.4 Very good 18 reviews Some units in the guest house have private entrance and are fitted with desk and wardrobe. With a private bathroom, units at the guest house also boast free WiFi, while certain rooms come with a terrace. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house Find the perfect guest house in Eilat Guest House "Villa Klara Eilat" Heated pool and sauna all year round Eilat, Israel 9.0 Superb 589 reviews Boasting an outdoor swimming pool and views of pool, Guest House "Villa Klara Eilat" Heated pool and sauna all year round is a recently renovated guest house situated in Eilat, 700 metres from Kisuski Beach. This sustainable guest house is located less than 1 km from The Pearl Beach and a 11-minute walk from Papaya Beach. Featuring family rooms, this property also provides guests with a picnic area. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house Sun Center Eilat Eilat, Israel 9.0 Superb 162 reviews Surrounded by views of the sea, Sun Center Eilat is a sustainable guest house in Eilat, offering guests an environmentally friendly accommodation close to Kisuski Beach. The property features mountain and city views, and is 1.4 km from The Pearl Beach. The guest house also offers free WiFi, free private parking and facilities for disabled guests. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house Shefer Guesthouse Eilat, Israel 9.0 Superb 103 reviews Set 1.5 km from Papaya Beach, Shefer Guesthouse offers a garden, barbecue facilities and air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony and free WiFi. The property features sea and garden views, and is 1.6 km from Kisuski Beach. The guest house has family rooms as well as facilities for disabled guests. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house Eilat Beach House Eilat, Israel 9.5 Exceptional 24 reviews Less than 1 km from Kisuski Beach, Eilat Beach House is a recently renovated property situated in Eilat and features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and private parking. There is a private entrance at the guest house for the convenience of those who stay. The guest house has family rooms. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house מישל נופש ,צופית תחתית 6003 Eilat, Israel 9.3 Superb 88 reviews Ideally set right in the heart of Eilat, מישל נופש, צופית תחתית 6003 is a recently renovated guest house, featuring free WiFi and parking on-site. The property has sea and city views, and is 500 metres from The Pearl Beach. The guest house features family rooms. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house A great choice of guest houses in Amsterdam Aris Amsterdam Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam 9.2 Superb 148 reviews The guest house features a flat-screen TV. A private entrance leads guests into the guest house, where they can enjoy some chocolates or cookies. The guest house offers bed linen, towels and housekeeping service. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house Eco HouseBoat Westerpark, Amsterdam 9.0 Superb 141 reviews All units come with a microwave, fridge, a coffee machine, a shower, free toiletries and a desk. With a private bathroom fitted with a bath and a hair dryer, units at the guest house also have free WiFi. At the guest house, units are equipped with bed linen and towels. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house 1637: Historic Canal View Suites Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam 9.4 Superb 166 reviews Situated in the centre of Amsterdam, 1637: Historic Canal View Suites features accommodation with free WiFi in a historic building. There is a private entrance at the guest house for the convenience of those who stay. The property offers allergy-free units and is located 600 metres from Royal Palace Amsterdam. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house Villa360 Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam 9.8 Exceptional 198 reviews At the guest house, each room has a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV. Every room comes with a private bathroom, and some rooms at Villa360 have a private garden. A flat screen TV, mini bar and tea and coffee making facilities are featured in all rooms. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house House boat studio with waterfront terrace Amsterdam Noord, Amsterdam 9.7 Exceptional 103 reviews The spacious guest house is fitted with a TV. A private entrance leads guests into the guest house, where they can enjoy some wine or champagne and chocolates or cookies. This guest house is non-smoking and soundproof. Show more Show less Reserve this guest house Most booked guest houses this month Vértice Roomspace Madrid, Spain 8.1 Very good 10984 guest house reviews Popular with guests booking guest houses Rincón de Gran Vía Madrid, Spain 8.3 Very good 10747 guest house reviews Popular with guests booking guest houses easyHotel Madrid Centro Atocha Madrid, Spain 8.1 Very good 3007 guest house reviews Popular with guests booking guest houses Jc Rooms Jardines Madrid, Spain 8.3 Very good 3677 guest house reviews Popular with guests booking guest houses JC Rooms Santo Domingo Madrid, Spain 7.8 Good 2758 guest house reviews Popular with guests booking guest houses Ibis Budget Sevilla Aeropuerto Seville, Spain 7.5 Good 7227 guest house reviews Popular with guests booking guest houses Search 106,950 guest houses Take me there! Our favourite cities for guest houses Rome 2188 guest houses Naples 768 guest houses Ubud 507 guest houses Madrid 457 guest houses Cape Town 409 guest houses London 386 guest houses Lisbon 371 guest houses Florence 338 guest houses Palermo 321 guest houses Marrakech 315 guest houses Split 287 guest houses Verona 285 guest houses Where to stay? Popular regions for guest houses England 4714 guest houses Southeast Brazil 4276 guest houses Adriatic Coast 3317 guest houses Carpathians - Romania 2862 guest houses Lazio 2723 guest houses Northeast Brazil 2512 guest houses Transylvania 2015 guest houses Bali 1975 guest houses Sao Paulo State 1870 guest houses South of France 1854 guest houses Dalmatia 1837 guest houses Sicily 1812 guest houses Our most searched: Top countries for guest houses Italy 16358 guest houses Brazil 10208 guest houses Germany 6609 guest houses United Kingdom 6042 guest houses South Africa 5186 guest houses France 5130 guest houses Spain 5127 guest houses Romania 4439 guest houses Indonesia 4290 guest houses India 3690 guest houses Croatia 3593 guest houses Japan 3293 guest houses Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay All destinations All flight destinations All car hire locations Discover Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1873430,1871440,1867370,1865390