Find cheap flights & plane tickets | Booking.com Skip to main content Register Sign in Please enable JavaScript Like most websites, we rely on JavaScript to keep us flying. Compare and book flights with ease Discover your next dream destination Round trip One way Multi-city EconomyPremium economyBusinessFirst class Economy 1 adult Direct flights only Where from? Where from? Where to? Where to? Depart - Return Depart - Return Search Popular flights near you Find deals on domestic and international flights International Domestic Detroit to Cancún 10 Dec - 17 Dec · Round trip Detroit to Istanbul 8 Dec - 15 Dec · Round trip Trending cities Book flights to a destination popular with travellers from Canada Las Vegas, United States Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 11 Dec - 18 Dec · Round trip Orlando, United States Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 11 Dec - 18 Dec · Round trip Miami, United States Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 11 Dec - 18 Dec · Round trip New York, United States Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 11 Dec - 18 Dec · Round trip Atlanta, United States Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 11 Dec - 18 Dec · Round trip Los Angeles, United States Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 11 Dec - 18 Dec · Round trip Cancún, Mexico Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 10 Dec - 17 Dec · Round trip Fort Lauderdale, United States Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 11 Dec - 18 Dec · Round trip Tampa, United States Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 11 Dec - 18 Dec · Round trip Myrtle Beach, United States Flights from Coleman A. Young International Airport 11 Dec - 18 Dec · Round trip Search a huge selection Easily compare flights, airlines and prices - all in one place Pay no hidden fees Get a clear price breakdown, every step of the way Get more flexibility Change your travel dates with the Flexible ticket option* *Flexible plane tickets are available for an additional cost on selected airfares Fly worldwide with Booking.com Flights from wherever you are to wherever you want to go Oceania Europe Africa Asia North America Detroit to Sydney Shortest flight time: 19h 34m Frequently asked questions How do I find the cheapest flights on Booking.com? You can sort flights by price to see them from cheapest to most expensive. To find the cheapest flights, you also need to consider factors such as when you are booking and when you want to travel. Can I book one way flight tickets on Booking.com? Yes, you can book one way, round trip and multi city flights on our site. How far in advance can I book a flight? You can book a flight up to one year before your departure date. Do flights get cheaper closer to departure? Generally, flight prices are more likely to increase the closer you get to your flight date. What is a flexible ticket? A flexible ticket allows you to change your flight with the same airline company by only paying the fare and tax difference. It can only be used for one confirmed change. You are able to add the flexible ticket when booking your flight. Does Booking.com charge credit card fees? No, we don't charge any credit card fees. You can always see exactly what you’re paying for in the price breakdown when you review your booking. About Booking.comTerms & ConditionsHow we work Privacy & Cookie statementFlights Help Copyright © 1996-2023 Booking.com. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services.