The 10 best cottages in Calgary, Canada | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Cottages in Calgary Charming and idyllic; a cottage break is the perfect getaway. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home All cottages Canada Alberta Calgary The 10 Best Cottages in Calgary, Canada Check out our pick of great cottages in Calgary Show hotels on map Filter by: Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Neutral Living/6Beds/4Bedrooms+1Bunos/With Basement and Fireplace/Free Parking on Premises Calgary Featuring garden views, Neutral Living/6Beds/4Bedrooms+1Bunos/With Basement and Fireplace/Free Parking on Premises provides accommodation with a garden and a balcony, around 13 km from CrossIron Mills. Both free WiFi and parking on-site are available at the holiday home free of charge. The property is non-smoking and is located 20 km from Crowchild Twin Arena. Ashley Bahrain Highly recommended! 8 of us traveled to Calgary for a concert and the place was perfect for an overnight stay. The house is very clean and spacious, and we love how aesthetic the interior is. Also, complete with amenities and cooking utensils. Perfect for those traveling in big groups like us. Other than that, I also want to commend the host who’s very responsive and accommodating, we appreciate it so much! Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 6 reviews Price from CAD 128.12 per night Check availability Spacious comfortable Air-Conditioned. Near airport! Northeast Calgary, Calgary The spacious holiday home features 3 bedrooms, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, a washing machine, and 2 bathrooms with a bath. Featuring air conditioning, this unit has a dressing room and a fireplace. For added privacy, the accommodation features a private entrance. Kevin Canada Easy to find. Parked two vehicles on driveway. Easy entry. Whole main and upstairs to ourselves. Quick communication. Fireplace was nice. Three bathrooms. Two showers. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 6 reviews Price from CAD 152 per night Check availability Brand New, Beautiful Home in Calgary Calgary Set in Calgary, 12 km from CrossIron Mills and 18 km from Crowchild Twin Arena, Brand New, Beautiful Home in Calgary offers air conditioning. Both free WiFi and parking on-site are accessible at the holiday home free of charge. Calgary Tower is 22 km from the holiday home and Calgary Zoo Botanical Garden & Prehistoric Park is 22 km away. Tapic Canada Feels Home🤍 Very clean, accessible area Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 10 reviews Price from CAD 133.95 per night Check availability 2500 sq house in Springbank Hill BL 261818 Southwest Calgary, Calgary The spacious villa is equipped with 5 bedrooms, a flat-screen TV with streaming services and a fully equipped kitchen that provides guests with a dishwasher, an oven, a washing machine, a microwave and a toaster. Towels and bed linen are provided in the villa. There is also a seating area and a fireplace. Norman Canada Easy to work with and very comfortable Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 6 reviews Price from CAD 280 per night Check availability Luxury Home By North Glenmore Park 5 stars Southwest Calgary, Calgary Situated just 8.9 km from Devonian Gardens, Luxury Home By North Glenmore Park offers accommodation in Calgary with access to a garden, a terrace, as well as a business centre. There is an on-site restaurant, plus free private parking and free WiFi are available. The property is non-smoking and is set 8.9 km from McMahon Stadium. You can play tennis at this 5-star holiday home, and the area is popular for canoeing and hiking. The holiday home features an outdoor fireplace and a children's playground. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 175.47 per night Check availability Venza Home, 14 minutes from YYC Calgary Venza Home, 14 minutes from YYC is situated in Calgary, 18 km from Crowchild Twin Arena, 19 km from McMahon Stadium, and 21 km from Calgary Telus Convention Centre. There is an on-site restaurant, plus free private parking and free WiFi are available. The property is non-smoking and is set 12 km from CrossIron Mills. Wei Canada new house with spacious rooms, clean and comfortable Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 10 reviews Price from CAD 203.20 per night Check availability Modern House with Private Backyard & Fireplace Southwest Calgary, Calgary Located in Calgary, 20 km from Stampede Park and 21 km from Calgary Stampede, Modern House with Private Backyard & Fireplace offers a garden and air conditioning. This property offers access to a terrace and free private parking. The property is non-smoking and is set 21 km from Calgary Telus Convention Centre. Karla United States Super clean and comfortable. Had everything you would expect. The beds were so comfortable. Show more Show less 9 Superb 5 reviews Price from CAD 139 per night Check availability Luxury Spacious Private House near City Centre Kensington, Calgary Situated in Calgary in the Alberta region with Creative Kids Museum nearby, Luxury Spacious Private House near City Centre features accommodation with free private parking. The property is around 3.3 km from Devonian Gardens, 3.4 km from Calgary Telus Convention Centre and 3.5 km from Calgary Tower. The property is non-smoking and is located 3.2 km from McMahon Stadium. alex Canada The owners are amazing and the house was perfect with a great location. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 15 reviews Price from CAD 209 per night Check availability Stylish/4Bedroom/FreeParking/IndoorFirePlace Calgary Stylish/4Bedroom/FreeParking/IndoorFirePlace is a sustainable holiday home in Calgary, where guests can make the most of its massage services and garden. This holiday home provides free private parking, full-day security and free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is located 11 km from CrossIron Mills. Judy Anne Canada The property is so clean and complete! What you see in the photo is what you get , price is cheap for this kind of place 😊 We are shocked when the TV is not only local channels but it has all the access on netflix,prime, youtube and others! Bedrooms are clean and organize, we love also the beds very comfortable ❤️ Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 24 reviews Price from CAD 119.67 per night Check availability The Loki I Patio & BBQ I Sleeps 5 I Downtown I TV Downtown Calgary, Calgary With free WiFi, this 1-bedroom holiday home offers a TV, a washing machine and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and oven. Towels and bed linen are offered in the holiday home. The accommodation offers a fireplace. Laura United Kingdom Fabulous location, really spacious and very well equipped. Made life very easy, especially if you have a young family Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 22 reviews Price from CAD 189 per night Check availability All cottages in Calgary Cottages in Calgary: things to know Popular neighbourhood Southwest Calgary Popular months September, October, July Average stay 2 nights Average price per night CAD 271 Available cottages in Calgary 91 Looking for a cottage? Cottages are perfect for travellers who enjoy feeling cosy and independent in the countryside. Usually small, traditionally built houses, cottages spread across one or two floors, making them great for families, or holidays with a little more privacy. Search cottages in Calgary Enjoy breakfast at cottages in Calgary! See all Newly Renovated 2Bed by Nose Hill Parking FirePit Calgary Breakfast options Set in Calgary, 7.4 km from McMahon Stadium and 7.8 km from Devonian Gardens, Newly Renovated 2Bed by Nose Hill Parking FirePit offers a garden and air conditioning. Show more Show less From CAD 190 per night 2 Bedroom 2 Washrooms Brand New Beautiful Suite - Low Fees and Taxes Calgary Breakfast options Situated in Calgary and only 6.5 km from Crowchild Twin Arena, 2 Bedroom 2 Washrooms Brand New Beautiful Suite - Low Fees and Taxes features accommodation with mountain views, free WiFi and free... Show more Show less From CAD 130 per night 10 Exceptional 2 reviews Spacious comfortable Air-Conditioned. Near airport! Northeast Calgary, Calgary Breakfast options A recently renovated holiday home located in Calgary, Spacious comfortable Air-Conditioned. Near airport! features a garden. Easy to find. Parked two vehicles on driveway. Easy entry. Whole main and upstairs to ourselves. Show more Show less From CAD 152 per night 9.2 Superb 6 reviews Brand New, Beautiful Home in Calgary Calgary Breakfast options Set in Calgary, 12 km from CrossIron Mills and 18 km from Crowchild Twin Arena, Brand New, Beautiful Home in Calgary offers air conditioning. Feels Home🤍 Very clean, accessible area Show more Show less From CAD 133.95 per night 9.6 Exceptional 10 reviews 2500 sq house in Springbank Hill BL 261818 Southwest Calgary, Calgary Breakfast options Located in Calgary and only 12 km from Devonian Gardens, 2500 sq house in Springbank Hill BL 261818 provides accommodation with mountain views, free WiFi and free private parking. Easy to work with and very comfortable Show more Show less From CAD 280 per night 9.7 Exceptional 6 reviews Luxury Home By North Glenmore Park Southwest Calgary, Calgary Breakfast options Situated just 8.9 km from Devonian Gardens, Luxury Home By North Glenmore Park offers accommodation in Calgary with access to a garden, a terrace, as well as a business centre. Show more Show less From CAD 175.47 per night 9.8 Exceptional 5 reviews Modern House with Private Backyard & Fireplace Southwest Calgary, Calgary Breakfast options Located in Calgary, 20 km from Stampede Park and 21 km from Calgary Stampede, Modern House with Private Backyard & Fireplace offers a garden and air conditioning. Super clean and comfortable. Had everything you would expect. The beds were so comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 139 per night 9.0 Superb 5 reviews Luxury Spacious Private House near City Centre Kensington, Calgary Breakfast options Situated in Calgary in the Alberta region with Creative Kids Museum nearby, Luxury Spacious Private House near City Centre features accommodation with free private parking. The owners are amazing and the house was perfect with a great location. Show more Show less From CAD 209 per night 9.4 Superb 15 reviews These cottages in Calgary have options with FREE cancellation See all Neutral Living/6Beds/4Bedrooms+1Bunos/With Basement and Fireplace/Free Parking on Premises Calgary Free cancellation options available Featuring garden views, Neutral Living/6Beds/4Bedrooms+1Bunos/With Basement and Fireplace/Free Parking on Premises provides accommodation with a garden and a balcony, around 13 km from CrossIron... Highly recommended! 8 of us traveled to Calgary for a concert and the place was perfect for an... Show more Show less From CAD 128.12 per night 9.8 Exceptional 6 reviews New Home*King*Parking*Smart TV*Full Kitchen*W/D Southwest Calgary, Calgary Free cancellation options available A sustainable holiday home located in Calgary, New Home*King*Parking*Smart TV*Full Kitchen*W/D features a garden. Show more Show less From CAD 172.58 per night Cozy 3 bedroom in the SE Calgary Free cancellation options available Offering a garden and garden view, Cozy 3 bedroom in the SE is situated in Calgary, 16 km from Calgary Stampede and 17 km from Devonian Gardens. Show more Show less From CAD 126 per night Luxury Corner Unit w Tower Views, PRIME Location! Downtown Calgary, Calgary Free cancellation options available Situated in the centre of Calgary, 400 metres from Calgary Stampede and 400 metres from Stampede Park, Luxury Corner Unit w Tower Views, PRIME Location! Show more Show less From CAD 150 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review DT PRIME Location, FREE Banff Pass, Gym & Parking! Downtown Calgary, Calgary Free cancellation options available Located in the centre of Calgary, 400 metres from Calgary Stampede and 400 metres from Stampede Park, DT PRIME Location, FREE Banff Pass, Gym & Parking! Show more Show less From CAD 138 per night Luxury Getaway with Cali King Size Bed & Fireplace Calgary Free cancellation options available Luxury Getaway with Cali King Size Bed & Fireplace, a property with a shared lounge, is situated in Calgary, 16 km from McMahon Stadium, 18 km from CrossIron Mills, as well as 22 km from Calgary Telus... Show more Show less From CAD 129.60 per night Entire Cozy Retreat with King Bed and only an Hour to Banff Calgary Free cancellation options available Entire Cozy Retreat with King Bed and only an Hour to Banff is situated in Calgary, 15 km from McMahon Stadium, 21 km from Devonian Gardens, as well as 21 km from Calgary Tower. Show more Show less From CAD 97.20 per night Luxury Retreat For Large Groups Calgary Free cancellation options available Located in Calgary, 22 km from Stampede Park and 22 km from Calgary Stampede, Luxury Retreat For Large Groups offers a garden and air conditioning. Show more Show less From CAD 104.13 per night Travelling by car? These cottages in Calgary offer free parking! See all Venza Home, 14 minutes from YYC Calgary Free parking Venza Home, 14 minutes from YYC is situated in Calgary, 18 km from Crowchild Twin Arena, 19 km from McMahon Stadium, and 21 km from Calgary Telus Convention Centre. new house with spacious rooms, clean and comfortable Show more Show less From CAD 203.20 per night 9.3 Superb 10 reviews 56 Executive Business Home W Ac 10 Min To Airport Northeast Calgary, Calgary Free parking 56 Executive Business Home W Ac 10 Min To Airport is situated in the Northeast Calgary district of Calgary, 17 km from Calgary Tower, 17 km from Calgary Zoo Botanical Garden & Prehistoric Park and 17... Show more Show less From CAD 165 per night Luxurious Modern Home With King Bed & Office Calgary Free parking Boasting air-conditioned accommodation with a patio, Luxurious Modern Home With King Bed & Office is set in Calgary. This property offers access to a balcony, free private parking and free WiFi. Show more Show less From CAD 210.87 per night 10 Exceptional 2 reviews Entire home rare find cozy Executive waterfront luxury oasis Calgary Free parking Boasting lake views, Entire home rare find cozy Executive waterfront luxury oasis features accommodation with a garden and a patio, around 23 km from Stampede Park. Show more Show less From CAD 180.58 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review Moose Suites Northeast Calgary, Calgary Free parking Set in Calgary in the Alberta region, Moose Suites features a patio. Both free WiFi and parking on-site are available at the holiday home free of charge. Show more Show less From CAD 370 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review Hidden Gem Calgary Free parking Set in Calgary in the Alberta region, Hidden Gem offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Show more Show less From CAD 179.55 per night Lovely 1 bedroom and 2 beds Calgary Free parking Situated 20 km from Crowchild Twin Arena, 20 km from McMahon Stadium and 22 km from Calgary Telus Convention Centre, Lovely 1 bedroom and 2 beds features accommodation set in Calgary. Show more Show less From CAD 72 per night 6.0 Review score 1 review Spacious, 2-story Family-Friendly home Calgary Free parking Offering quiet street views, Spacious, 2-story Family-Friendly home is an accommodation set in Calgary, 24 km from Devonian Gardens and 25 km from Calgary Zoo Botanical Garden & Prehistoric Park. Show more Show less From CAD 156.75 per night FAQs about cottages in Calgary How much does it cost to stay in a cottage in Calgary? On average, a cottage in Calgary costs CAD 179 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a cottage in Calgary for this weekend? The average price per night for a cottage in Calgary for this weekend is CAD 352 (based on Booking.com prices). How much would a cottage in Calgary cost for tonight? The average price of a cottage in Calgary for this evening is CAD 349 (based on Booking.com prices). Which cottages in Calgary are good for families? Many families visiting Calgary enjoyed staying at Modern House with Private Backyard & Fireplace, Neutral Living/6Beds/4Bedrooms+1Bunos/With Basement and Fireplace/Free Parking on Premises and Luxury Home By North Glenmore Park. What are some of the best cottages for stays in Calgary? Neutral Living/6Beds/4Bedrooms+1Bunos/With Basement and Fireplace/Free Parking on Premises, Luxury Home By North Glenmore Park and 2500 sq house in Springbank Hill BL 261818 are some of our most popular cottages in Calgary. Which cottages in Calgary are good for couples? These cottages in Calgary are highly rated by couples: Luxury Spacious Private House near City Centre, Luxury Home By North Glenmore Park and lovely home. Cottages that guests love in Calgary See all Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 69 6.7 Review score 6,256 reviews Pool and hot tub and sauna and bed Show more Show less sakinaYoung couple Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 69 6.7 Review score 6,256 reviews Nice bed, swimming pool hot tub, sauna reasonable price relatively close to the airport Show more Show less KingSolo traveller You will love this 2BR Guest Suite in SE Calgary Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 114.75 9.6 Exceptional 33 reviews Clean, cozy, charming place Show more Show less MagdalenaFamily with young children Calgary Mountain Elegant Suite close LRT&UC& Free Parking Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 92.65 9.3 Superb 50 reviews I absolutely loved my time in the room we rented in this house! The atmosphere was cozy and inviting, making me feel right at home. The room was well-maintained, clean, and filled with all the essentials for a comfortable stay. The location was perfect. I truly enjoyed my stay in this charming house and would gladly choose it again for my next visit. Show more Show less VolodymyrYoung couple Radisson Hotel & Conference Center Calgary Airport East Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 107.95 7.4 Good 1,239 reviews The pool, hot tub and sauna were nice. Show more Show less StéphanieFamily with young children Radisson Hotel & Conference Center Calgary Airport East Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 107.95 7.4 Good 1,239 reviews Strong, secure WiFi. Lovely spacious and airy clean room. Huge, comfy bed. Lovely facilities like sauna, pool and whirlpool hot tub, so so nice when travelling. Show more Show less R. BarkerFamily with young children Westmount River Inn Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 160.55 8.3 Very good 157 reviews First of all I really like the house. It looks already from outside very inviting. Kim the manager knows how to let guests feel welcome. My room was nicely prepared. Very clean. There is air conditioning which is comfortable in the summer and a fireplace for a cozy evening when the temperature gets colder. Spacious bad room with a huge bad tub and an extra shower as well. I could have stayed a week! Breakfast was yummy with fresh fruit. I would go back anytime. Kim is very nice and warm person Show more Show less NicoleSolo traveller Hotel Clique Calgary Airport Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 149 8.7 Fabulous 1,797 reviews Great location, rooms are big and cozy, good gym and hot tub. We stay here every time we fly through Calgary and it is always excellent. Show more Show less MaudeFamily with young children Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 69 6.7 Review score 6,256 reviews Nice bed, fridge, coffee in room, sauna , hot tub, near airport Show more Show less GlenSolo traveller Carriage House Hotel and Conference Centre Cottage in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 159 8.4 Very good 2,654 reviews the room was nice, pool, hot tub, and sauna was fun with the kids. Show more Show less ZetsenFamily with young children Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Foothills Hospital Find the perfect hotel in Calgary with Foothills Hospital right on your doorstep. Car hire in Calgary Hire a car and hit the road. Cottages in Canmore Find more hotels in a city close to Canmore. Cottages in Airdrie Find more hotels in a city close to Airdrie. Hotels near Banff Trail C train Perfect for local transport links. Cottages in Canada Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Cottages in Banff Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Banff, also popular with our guests! Cottages in Vancouver Try another destination popular with our guests. Flights from London to Calgary Find and compare the best flights. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1846950,1859450|1,1860250,1871440,1859450