The 10 best hotels in Brighton & Hove, East Sussex - Cheap Brighton & Hove hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Brighton & Hove Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Brighton & Hove hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom East Sussex Brighton & Hove Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Brighton & Hove – 896 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ibis Brighton City Centre - Station 3 stars Hotel in North Laine, Brighton & Hove Situated in the heart of the vibrant city of Brighton, by the railway station, ibis Brighton City Centre boasts modern, soundproofed rooms, a bar and a restaurant. Rachele Italy It's so clean, near to the train station, there are many busses near to it, the staff is so so so kind and everything at the hotel makes you feel at home! Thank you Show more Show less 7.7 Good 3,994 reviews Price from CAD 100 per night Check availability Holiday Inn Brighton Seafront, an IHG Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Seafront, Brighton & Hove Located on the vibrant Brighton seafront, the Holiday Inn Brighton Seafront offers breathtaking sea-facing bedrooms with air conditioning. Sharifeh Pasha United States The location was excellent. The stuff were great and very helpful. The beds were very comfortable. Some works needs to be done such as fresh paint. A few spots on the carpet. I would definitely use the hotel again. I enjoyed my stay at the hotel. Show more Show less 7.2 Good 4,691 reviews Price from CAD 123 per night Check availability Malmaison Brighton 4 stars Hotel in Seafront, Brighton & Hove Malmaison Brighton looks out over Brighton Marina to the sea. It has free parking, a bar, a restaurant, modern rooms with monsoon showers and outdoor terraces looking out over the water. Marija Lithuania We stayed in a room with a super large bed and a shared large balcony overlooking the yacht club and the ocean. The room and shower room are wonderful. There was everything we needed. Nice, clean, comfortable. Dinner and breakfast had delicious vegan and gluten free options. Best reviews. Show more Show less 8 Very good 3,862 reviews Price from CAD 138 per night Check availability DoubleTree By Hilton Brighton Metropole 4 stars Hotel in Seafront, Brighton & Hove The newly refurbished DoubleTree by Hilton Brighton Metropole looks out over Brighton seafront and is close to the shops and city centre. khaled Saudi Arabia Everything . Reception staff was helpful. The hotel was clean . Rooms was spacious with comfy bed , breakfast was delicious . Swimming pool , sauna and steam room were outstanding Show more Show less 7.9 Good 816 reviews Price from CAD 151 per night Check availability Harbour Hotel Brighton 4 stars Hotel in Seafront, Brighton & Hove Opposite a iconic beach, Harbour Hotel Brighton is set on the lively seafront, about 2 minutes' walk from The Brighton Centre and offers free WiFi. Clément France Loved my stay ! Came with my partner and my dog and enjoyed everything! The staff was so helpful and helped me with some little issues about my room (special thanks to the young blonde lady who was so kind and helpful) ! They found a quick solution for every request and I never slept so well:) Show more Show less 7.8 Good 2,577 reviews Price from CAD 154 per night Check availability Best Western Princes Marine Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Seafront, Brighton & Hove The Best Western Princes Marine Hotel is situated on Hove seafront opposite Hove lawns and the English Channel. There is limited private parking, free fibre optic WiFi and a 24-hour front desk. Arnav India I just had an amazing experience over there, lovely environment, friendly people and supportive too, and breakfast was so awesome, definitely loved it… Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 2,165 reviews Price from CAD 108 per night Check availability Miller & Carter Brighton by Innkeeper's Collection 4 stars Hotel in Brighton & Hove Just 4.5 miles from the seafront, this large Brighton lodge offers a Miller & Carter Steakhouse serving tasty grills. Free parking is possible on site. Ray Australia Lovely helpful staff, generous size bed and nice warm towels. Good size T.V. and really nice shower. Dinner at the steakhouse was excellent. Show more Show less 7.8 Good 1,526 reviews Price from CAD 106 per night Check availability The Ginger Pig Hotel in Hove, Brighton & Hove Set in Brighton & Hove, The Ginger Pig is 2.1 km from i360 Observation Tower and offers facilities like bar and on-site dining. Sandra Australia The room was very clean and comfortable. Great shower/bathroom. The breakfast in the restaurant was really good. Staff were all very helpful and welcoming. Show more Show less 9 Superb 619 reviews Price from CAD 188 per night Check availability Square Townhouse 4 stars Hotel in Kemptown, Brighton & Hove The stylish Square Townhouse is in a Grade II listed building, boasting a location in the fashionable Kemp Town, just off the seafront in a Regency garden square. Free WiFi is available in all areas. Michael Qatar It was mega clean! And also the staff were superb! Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 601 reviews Price from CAD 244 per night Check availability Red Brighton Blue 4 stars Hotel in Kemptown, Brighton & Hove Located in Brighton & Hove, within an 8-minute walk of Brighton Pier and 800 metres of The Royal Pavilion, Red Brighton Blue offers accommodation with a terrace. John Australia The host was very pleasant, the room, although small was very well appointed. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 867 reviews Price from CAD 135 per night Check availability See all 230 hotels in Brighton & Hove Cheapest time to stay in Brighton & Hove In January you can stay in Brighton & Hove for an average price of CA$136 per night CA$356CA$285CA$214CA$142CA$71CA$0 CA$136 Jan CA$166 Feb CA$173 Mar CA$222 Apr CA$243 May CA$227 Jun CA$273 Jul CA$252 Aug CA$223 Sep CA$187 Oct CA$160 Nov CA$170 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Brighton & Hove in the past month See all Leonardo Royal Hotel Brighton Waterfront - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 8.2 Very good · 4,556 reviews The Grand Brighton Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 8.6 Fabulous · 7,009 reviews Leonardo Hotel Brighton - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 8.3 Very good · 2,031 reviews The Old Ship Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 7.3 Good · 5,325 reviews Queens Hotel & Spa Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 7.5 Good · 7,807 reviews DoubleTree By Hilton Brighton Metropole Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 7.9 Good · 816 reviews ibis Brighton City Centre - Station Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 7.7 Good · 3,994 reviews My Brighton Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 7.5 Good · 3,318 reviews Holiday Inn Brighton Seafront, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 7.2 Good · 4,693 reviews Kings Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Popular with guests booking hotels in Brighton & Hove 7.2 Good · 4,908 reviews Brighton & Hove's best hotels with breakfast See all Miller & Carter Brighton by Innkeeper's Collection Hotel in Brighton & Hove Breakfast options Just 4.5 miles from the seafront, this large Brighton lodge offers a Miller & Carter Steakhouse serving tasty grills. Free parking is possible on site. The room was lovely, very spacious and comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 134.90 7.8 Good · 1,526 reviews Selina Brighton Hotel in Brighton & Hove Breakfast options In Brighton’s vibrant city centre, The Selina Brighton is located on the promenade. With stunning sea views and surrounded by clubs and restaurants, the hotel also offers free WiFi. Cleanliness Facilities Co-working Space Clean Rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 137.60 7.8 Good · 1,360 reviews The Old Ship Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Breakfast options This striking Georgian property is on the seafront, overlooking Brighton beach. The property is just a 5-minute walk from Brighton Pier, shops, lively bars and popular restaurants. It was very warm and comfortable and well situated Avg. price/night: CAD 107.58 7.3 Good · 5,325 reviews Kings Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Breakfast options Situated in central Brighton and with views of the seafront, this magnificent Grade II Listed building overlooks the West Pier and offers free Wi-Fi. Room/breakfast/location/staff -all great Avg. price/night: CAD 108.04 7.2 Good · 4,908 reviews Mercure Brighton Seafront Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Breakfast options This elegant Victorian hotel overlooks the beach, sea and promenade, and has a brasserie restaurant for guests to enjoy. Barry was fantastic front of house. Very welcoming and helpful. Avg. price/night: CAD 143.69 7.3 Good · 3,383 reviews Holiday Inn Brighton Seafront, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Breakfast options Located on the vibrant Brighton seafront, the Holiday Inn Brighton Seafront offers breathtaking sea-facing bedrooms with air conditioning. Close to the beach, walking distance from the centre Avg. price/night: CAD 137.89 7.2 Good · 4,693 reviews Queens Hotel & Spa Hotel in Brighton & Hove Breakfast options On the seafront in the heart of Brighton's 'Lanes', this friendly hotel is well-located for nightlife, shopping, restaurants and the beach. Breakfast was excellent Room very good clean and spacious Avg. price/night: CAD 117.82 7.5 Good · 7,807 reviews The Queensbury Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Breakfast options This fully refurbished Grade II Listed hotel is opposite Brighton’s West Pier. It offers free WiFi and seafront accommodation, 15 minutes’ walk from Brighton Rail Station. Great location, great breakfast and good facilities! Avg. price/night: CAD 93.75 7.7 Good · 3,027 reviews Budget hotels in Brighton & Hove See all Malmaison Brighton Hotel in Brighton & Hove Budget Hotel Malmaison Brighton looks out over Brighton Marina to the sea. It has free parking, a bar, a restaurant, modern rooms with monsoon showers and outdoor terraces looking out over the water. Great value and free parking - comfy bed quality linen Avg. price/night: CAD 150.27 8.0 Very good · 3,863 reviews Leonardo Hotel Brighton - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Brighton & Hove Budget Hotel Next to Brighton Railway Station, in the city centre, Leonardo Hotel Brighton is a 15-minute walk from the beach. It boasts a 24-hour reception, bar and restaurant. Location. friendly staff. Very quiet. Easy check in. Avg. price/night: CAD 136.78 8.3 Very good · 2,026 reviews Best Western Princes Marine Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Budget Hotel The Best Western Princes Marine Hotel is situated on Hove seafront opposite Hove lawns and the English Channel. There is limited private parking, free fibre optic WiFi and a 24-hour front desk. size of the rom, view, breakfast staff excellent . Avg. price/night: CAD 138.32 8.1 Very good · 2,164 reviews Staybridge Suites Brighton, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Budget Hotel Situated in Brighton & Hove and with Brighton Beach reachable within 1.5 km, Staybridge Suites Brighton, an IHG Hotel features concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi... The Staff genuinely helpful. Couldn't do enough. Avg. price/night: CAD 130.63 8.8 Fabulous · 949 reviews One Broad Street Hotel in Kemptown, Brighton & Hove Budget Hotel Located 300 metres from The Royal Pavilion and a 5-minute walk from Brighton Pier, One Broad Street offers accommodation in Brighton & Hove. Free WiFi is available throughout the property. Great location, well equipped clean and comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 102.97 8.0 Very good · 987 reviews Hotel Pelirocco Hotel in Brighton & Hove Budget Hotel On the seafront in central Brighton, Pelirocco is a townhouse hotel featuring boutique-style themed rooms with free Wi-Fi. The Playstation Bar serves a varied cocktail list. Wonderfully quirky and amazing staff! Breakfast was fantastic! Avg. price/night: CAD 142 8.6 Fabulous · 737 reviews Britannia Study Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove Budget Hotel With a city centre location on Brighton’s Western Road, the adult-only Britannia Study Hotel offers contemporary en suite rooms with free WiFi, and is situated within minutes of numerous shops and... Good location/ great price for room and breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 121.41 7.6 Good · 4,536 reviews ibis Brighton City Centre - Station Hotel in Brighton & Hove Budget Hotel Situated in the heart of the vibrant city of Brighton, by the railway station, ibis Brighton City Centre boasts modern, soundproofed rooms, a bar and a restaurant. Location, staff, comfortable room with adequate space. Avg. price/night: CAD 100.15 7.7 Good · 3,994 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Brighton & Hove See all Red Brighton Blue Hotel in Kemptown, Brighton & Hove Central location Located in Brighton & Hove, within an 8-minute walk of Brighton Pier and 800 metres of The Royal Pavilion, Red Brighton Blue offers accommodation with a terrace. The property was very clean, was decorated very nicely and it smelt amazing!! 9.5 Exceptional · 867 reviews Hotel Una Hotel in Brighton & Hove Central location Ideally situated in the heart of Brighton, and just off Brighton Rail Station, Hotel Una offers modern and stylish accommodation, a bar, spa rooms and cinema room. Everything! The staff, location, decor and spacious room. 9.2 Superb · 212 reviews Blanch House Hotel in Kemptown, Brighton & Hove Central location Situated less than a minute's walk from the nearest beach, Blanch House is a Regency-era 3-star townhouse hotel in the heart of Brighton town centre. Lovely staff willing to chat and share local tips. 8.8 Fabulous · 740 reviews Brighton Marina House Hotel in Kemptown, Brighton & Hove Central location Close to the beach, Brighton Marina House is located in Brighton & Hove, an 8-minute walk from Brighton Pier. Popular points of interest nearby include The Royal Pavilion, Brighton Dome and Komedia. Our room had an outside space with a table and 2 seats 8.7 Fabulous · 810 reviews Hotel Nineteen Hotel in Kemptown, Brighton & Hove Central location Featuring 3-star accommodation, Hotel Nineteen is located in Brighton & Hove, 1.8 km from Hove Beach and 500 metres from Brighton Pier. Close to the beach , pubs , food & town centre Avg. price/night: CAD 162.22 8.6 Fabulous · 102 reviews Artist Residence Brighton Hotel in Brighton & Hove Central location In the centre of Brighton, the Artist Residence Hotel faces the iconic West Pier. This unique property features 25 individually decorated rooms with free WiFi and quirky original artwork. Friendly and welcoming staff. Amazing art Amazing location 8.6 Fabulous · 214 reviews DoubleTree By Hilton Brighton Metropole Hotel in Brighton & Hove Central location The newly refurbished DoubleTree by Hilton Brighton Metropole looks out over Brighton seafront and is close to the shops and city centre. Clean, quality facilities, great staff and friendly Avg. price/night: CAD 174.69 7.9 Good · 816 reviews Harbour Hotel Brighton Hotel in Brighton & Hove Central location Opposite a iconic beach, Harbour Hotel Brighton is set on the lively seafront, about 2 minutes' walk from The Brighton Centre and offers free WiFi. The atmosphere and facilities. The comfy bed too! Avg. price/night: CAD 170.76 7.8 Good · 2,577 reviews FAQs about hotels in Brighton & Hove How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Brighton & Hove? On average, 3-star hotels in Brighton & Hove cost CAD 190 per night, and 4-star hotels in Brighton & Hove are CAD 263 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Brighton & Hove can on average be found for CAD 263 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Brighton & Hove for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Brighton & Hove this weekend is CAD 246 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 295. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Brighton & Hove for this weekend cost on average around CAD 286 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Brighton & Hove for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 140 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Brighton & Hove for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 174 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Brighton & Hove will cost around CAD 349 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Brighton & Hove are good for families? Many families visiting Brighton & Hove loved staying at Red Brighton Blue, Hotel Una and Staybridge Suites Brighton, an IHG Hotel. What are the best hotels in Brighton & Hove near Brighton Pier? Some of the best hotels in Brighton & Hove near Brighton Pier include Brightonwave, Square Townhouse and Camelford Street Cottage - Brighton. What are the best hotels to stay in Brighton & Hove? Red Brighton Blue, Hotel Una and Square Townhouse are some of the popular hotels in Brighton & Hove. What hotels in Brighton & Hove offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Brighton & Hove that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Square Townhouse, Hotel Una and Red Brighton Blue. What hotels in Brighton & Hove are good for couples? These hotels in Brighton & Hove are highly rated by couples: Red Brighton Blue, Square Townhouse and Hotel Una. What hotels in Brighton & Hove have nice views? Hotel Una, The Lanes Hotel and Malmaison Brighton have received great reviews from travellers in Brighton & Hove regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Colourful by Day and Night Known for colourful nightlife and traditional English seaside pursuits, Brighton and neighbour Hove are the closest beach resorts to London, making them popular end points for classic car runs from the capital. Many end at the racecourse, a few streets from Brighton Marina, Europe’s largest, housing several shops and eateries. Many Brighton guest houses on Booking.com are also nearby. Running along the beachfront is the world’s oldest operating electric railway, ending by Brighton Pier. Lit up at night and also known as Palace Pier, this city icon houses amusements and rides, and is one place to pick up some famous Brighton Rock, the confectionery sharing its name with an edgy Graham Greene novel set here. A new addition, the Brighton Wheel is right by the pier, while one of its most famous attractions is the Royal Pavilion, a former royal retreat built in Indian style. Just west are 2 of the most popular Brighton shopping spots – Churchill Square shopping centre and The Lanes with its narrow streets and unusual shops. This area also has several Brighton hotels with parking, and the Artists Quarter, a series of ex-fishing huts that are now galleries. The arts are a big thing here and Brighton Festival is the UK’s 2nd largest arts festival, while Brighton Pride is also a big event on the annual calendar. Learn more about visiting Brighton & Hove 25 attractions 26 points of interest 6 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Brighton & Hove: 8.0 We came to Brighton for a concert in the Brighton centre,... We came to Brighton for a concert in the Brighton centre, literally a couple of steps away. Concierge parking, worry free visit, and made to feel pampered and cared for. Lots to do around the area, worth a visit! Elaine United Kingdom 2.0 Location is fantastic 👌 Location is fantastic 👌 Communication terrible left outside for an hour trying to access had to get telephone number of another one of their properties. After I had already paid the deposit of £100 The room was small with a bunk bed not the deluxe double room I had booked very poor lighting and a metal locker which was sort of a wardrobe a little industrial not in a good way On discovery of the broken window mentioned by other guests I tried to contact the property with no joy so contacted customer service who advised me not to stay and I would not be charged So had a good night in the travelodge The following morning the property offerd me a late checkout for half price as way of compensation for my poor experience The payment was taken and I was reported as a no show and told the hotel was investigating Great news the hotel informed me my room is non refundable because I didn't show up but to compensate me I can have a 10% refund Customer Service inform me that I should get my deposit back by the 12/12/2023 In time for Christmas 🎄 ☺️ I am so happy so the room that was dirty with a broken window poorly working TV that I didn't stay in Has cost circa £50 for the room £100 deposit £77 for the travelodge Not to mention the 3 hours and counting on the phone to customer service Bur I have a £4.77 refund on the way Henderson United Kingdom 10 I went for a city break close to a relative's address in... I went for a city break close to a relative's address in Kemptown. I have visited Brighton many times before. Brighton is what it is......a very alternative place presenting itself as a Green and gay friendly city. Unfortunately however it is also a very scruffy, dirty city and seems to lack any civic pride. I discussed this with a local resident and he agreed with me. He also said that local green voters were all talk and no action, everything is left to the council. The sea front needs a clean up but there are lots of activities to draw you there, some provided by the council. I enjoy my visits to Brighton but the city could do better. christopher United Kingdom 10 Brighton always offers something for everyone! Brighton always offers something for everyone! Sometimes there is just too much choice but the people are friendly and helpful mostly and the vibe is usually always happy and positive. The Harvester breakfast is excellent if you are super hungry..... Curry Leaf street food restaurant is a completely different Indian food experience and well worth a try And always book a restaurant for Saturday night - we were so lucky to get into Al Duomo and the food and staff there were excellent too! Richard United Kingdom 10 I found Brighton the epitome of diversity . I found Brighton the epitome of diversity .The restaurants and eating establishments catered for everybody’s tastes and represented an abundance of cultures. We visited the ivy where the service was impeccable and the food was delicious. The salt room on the seafront was another phenomenal experience. Our waiter was fantastic. Oysters and seafood platter to share amazing. We walked everywhere but cabs were available and at the ready. Penny United Kingdom 10 Brighton is a wonderfully eclectic, quirky and charming city... Brighton is a wonderfully eclectic, quirky and charming city with a surprise around every corner. The residents are generally laid back and the chill vibes surround you when strolling around the many streets, lanes and independent shops so don't be an arse when you visit! If you like street art then you'll be rewarded with plenty of colourful and creative opportunities for your Instagram account. If you're a fan of Asian food then don't miss the chance to eat at Pom Poko; a small and low-price option with high quality and authentic Japanese cuisine. It might not look like much but the food is amazing - cash only and it's BYOB but there's a tesco express and an ATM 50 metres away around the corner - check them out Anthony Hodgetts United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Brighton & Hove See all Kings Hotel Brighton & Hove From CAD 108.04 per night 7.2 Good · 4,908 reviews When In Brighton we always stay at the King's. It is the best place to be. It's a friendly, comfortable hotel and we go back there every year we are in Brighton. The beach and sea are just over the road and what more can you say, it's a great place to be. Breakfast is always good, with lots of choice as to whatever you want. There are staff there we've known for the last 20 years or so. King's has good staff relationship management as far as we can tell. David Germany Drakes Hotel Kemptown, Brighton & Hove From CAD 296.20 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 1,233 reviews We had a fantastic stay at Drakes Hotel. It is positioned within easy walking distance of the town centre, the pier and facing the beach. It has very good and friendly staff, a lovely little bar and lounge for guests overlooking the seafront; and the room we had was very reasonably priced when comparing to other Brighton venues. I was informed the hotel has recently been bought and will be refurbishing the hotel, so all the above may well change! duncan United Kingdom Spacious Hove sea view apartment Brighton & Hove 9.0 Superb · 7 reviews Excellent location with plenty of nearby places to eat and drink in particular. Beach a 2 minute walk away. Nearby electric bike hire to zip into Brighton, costing less than £2, or a 15 min slow stroll. Comfortable place to stay with everything we wanted. Quirky instructions to add fabulous character to an already wonderful property. Double bed seems to be memory foam, honestly the best nights sleep in ages. We'll definitely be back. Andrew United Kingdom Hotel Du Vin & Bistro Brighton Brighton & Hove From CAD 153.68 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,662 reviews Fantastic location for the price, right in the centre of Brighton and close to The Lanes. 10 mins walk from the station and everything else on the doorstep. Quiet, central position without being on the noisy front. It's small boutique hotel with friendly staff not like some of the massive hotels on the front with hundreds of rooms. Had the dinner and breakfast package and can't complain. Henry United Kingdom ibis Brighton City Centre - Station Brighton & Hove From CAD 100.15 per night 7.7 Good · 3,994 reviews Our stay at Ibis Brighton was good: the room was clean, and the hotel is located in a nice area from where you can go around the city just walking. Also the experience with parking was good: the parking the hotel suggest you is 5 minutes walking from the hotel, you can park your car there and at the end of the stay they will apply 50% discount if you show them the reservation. Paola Italy The Charm Brighton Boutique Hotel & Spa Kemptown, Brighton & Hove From CAD 119.53 per night 9.0 Superb · 2,993 reviews Overall this is a lovely hotel. The staff are super friendly and can’t do enough for you. Unfortunately the location although close to the sea, does attract the less desirable elementsof Brighton. That said we didn’t have any problems If you decide on a stay at The Charm, do yourselves a favour and book some treatments at the Spa. I had the best massage and facial EVER. Fernand United Kingdom The Charm Brighton Boutique Hotel & Spa Kemptown, Brighton & Hove From CAD 119.53 per night 9.0 Superb · 2,993 reviews Really pretty hotel with comfy rooms, nice design and excellent breakfast. The staff were amazing. Dragosh carefully showed us around, helped with all the questions. When he learned we have to miss breakfast, he offered some breakfast to go and left it in our rooms. We finally made it to breakfast though! Rooms are clean, showers are very modern. Anastazja United Kingdom Sea Spray Hotel Kemptown, Brighton & Hove From CAD 136.61 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 1,801 reviews Super Breakfast! Also tasty gluten free bread available. I loved my cosy quite and little room at the third floor. Excellent area for food and drinks near by. From the hotel you see the pier and you are in 2 minutes at the lovely Brighton pebble beach…I can highly recommend it and like to come back next time. Anja Germany Britannia Study Hotel Brighton & Hove From CAD 121.41 per night 7.6 Good · 4,536 reviews The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance to the beach, local stores and the railway station. The room was comfortable and fairly clean. The buffet has several options for breakfast, baked beans, sausages, scrambled eggs, grilled tomatoes, ham, cereals, muffins, cheese and juice. Zoran Serbia Kempfield House Kemptown, Brighton & Hove From CAD 274.92 per night 7.6 Good · 1,066 reviews Great location, just down the road from the pier and beach area with nice cafes and restaurants. Nice breakfast and lovely owner who treated us well and spoke with us at breakfast. The bed was massive and very comfortable. The room was clean and tidy and had chocolates and peanuts awaiting us. Charlie United Kingdom ibis Brighton City Centre - Station Brighton & Hove From CAD 100.15 per night 7.7 Good · 3,994 reviews Greeted by very friendly staff. The room was spacious and very clean. The hotel was in a very good location and easy to find. Short walk both to train station as well as shops. Seaside very near as well. Lots of nice amenities with this hotel and the luggage hold was greatly appreciated! Susan United States The Gather Inn Brighton & Hove From CAD 107.58 per night 7.1 Good · 1,106 reviews We needed 3 single beds in same room which isn’t easy to find. Location was away from the centre of Brighton - Hove beach was quiet compared to Brighton beach which was packed. The hotel doesn’t do breakfast but there are great places to eat nearby. The other meals at the hotel were great. Alison United Kingdom DoubleTree By Hilton Brighton Metropole Brighton & Hove From CAD 174.69 per night 7.9 Good · 816 reviews The location is great, the hotel is right on the beach! The hotel is walking distance to a ton of restaurants, cafes, and tourist attractions. Our room was spacious and clean, the view from the balcony was lovely. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Sarah Kuwait Leonardo Royal Hotel Brighton Waterfront - Formerly Jurys Inn Brighton & Hove From CAD 161.37 per night 8.2 Very good · 4,556 reviews I frankly expected a lesser quality hotel for the price. The exterior is a bit drab but it’s quite nice on the inside. Right across from the beach and the rear of the hotel abuts The Lanes which is great for dining and shopping. John United States New Steine Hotel - B&B Kemptown, Brighton & Hove From CAD 109.29 per night 8.1 Very good · 2,036 reviews We had a good week end in Brighton despite the weather. The hotel is in a very good location near the beach and the main attractions. Breakfast was really good and our host Oscar was very friendly and hepful. María José United Kingdom My Brighton Brighton & Hove From CAD 161.37 per night 7.5 Good · 3,318 reviews The room was very spacious and well designed, with a power outlet beside the makeup mirror. Comfortable bed, best hotel towels I've ever found, good water pressure in shower. Lira Maywood United States The Claremont Brighton & Hove From CAD 307.37 per night 8.5 Very good · 600 reviews Boutique hotel in a lovely old building. Great location close to the beach and attractions of Brighton. Large well furnished room. V helpful staff. Great breakfast Vicky United Kingdom The Grand Brighton Brighton & Hove From CAD 162.22 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 7,009 reviews The breakfast was the best we had in our three weeks stay in England the hotel is beautiful location lovely right on the beach Cary United States Holiday Inn Brighton Seafront, an IHG Hotel Brighton & Hove From CAD 137.89 per night 7.2 Good · 4,693 reviews Best part of the hotel, is the location, the view of the seafront, breakfast, and the fish and chips. Kevin United Kingdom The Old Ship Hotel Brighton & Hove From CAD 107.58 per night 7.3 Good · 5,325 reviews Just the location of the hotel. It was fairly near the beach. Ghaffarpasand United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Goodwood Festival of Speed Search and compare hotels close to Goodwood Festival of Speed, a popular destination just outside Brighton & Hove. Hotels near Goodwood House Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels in London Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels in Edinburgh Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels in Seafront Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Brighton City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Visit Brighton & Hove From attractions to accommodation, everything you need to know about staying in the city. Hotels near Brighton railway station Perfect for local transport links. Hotels in England Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Brighton & Hove Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1870380,1847760|3,1871440,1870380|7,1847760,1846890,1866460,1870380|3