The Best Bihar Hotels – Where To Stay in and around Bihar, India Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Bihar, India Enter your dates and choose from 625 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home India Bihar Check out these popular cities in Bihar Surajgarha 1 hotel Suitha 1 hotel Sonpur 1 hotel Siwān 13 hotels Sidhauli 2 hotels Sherghāti 1 hotel Sasarām 7 hotels Samastīpur 11 hotels Saharsa 3 hotels Rusera 2 hotels Raxaul 4 hotels Rājgīr 22 hotels Stay in Bihar's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates OYO Flagship Marina Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Patna OYO Flagship Marina Hotel provides free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Patna. Guest rooms in the hotel are equipped with a TV. Super nice hotel! Great hotel. Everything was nice.Great location, great service, friendly staff. Good value for the money.Thank you!" Show more Show less 9.9 Exceptional 101 reviews Price from CAD 14 per night Check availability Super OYO Flagship Patli Stay Homes 3 stars Hotel in Patna Super OYO Flagship Patli Stay Homes offers free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Patna. Patna Railway Station is 8.3 km from the hotel. Super nice hotel! Great hotel. Everything was nice. Great location, great service, friendly Thank you!" Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 132 reviews Price from CAD 11 per night Check availability OYO Flagship Rameshwaram Guest House Gandhi Nagar 3 stars Hotel in Dānāpur Situated in Dānāpur, Bihar region, OYO Flagship Rameshwaram Guest House Gandhi Nagar is located 10 km from Patna Railway Station. This 3-star hotel offers a shared kitchen, room service and free WiFi.... Super nice hotel! Great hotel. Everything was nice. Great location, great service, friendly Thank you!" Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 137 reviews Price from CAD 16 per night Check availability The Royal Sahdeo Venue 2 stars Hotel in Gaya The Royal Sahdeo Venue is situated in Gaya, 17 km from Mahabodhi Temple and 6.8 km from Gaya Railway Station. This 2-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom. Staff were helpful, helped me in booking taxi for my further trip, Room was as same as shown in the picture. Overall Good hotel to stay Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 6 reviews Price from CAD 20 per night Check availability Super OYO Flagship Youth Hotel & Banquet Hall 3 stars Hotel in Patna Super OYO Flagship Youth Hotel & Banquet Hall features free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Patna. I had a wonderful experience at the hotel. Every staff member I encountered, from the valet to the check- in to the cleaning staff were delightful and eager to help! Thank you! Will recommend to my Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 29 reviews Price from CAD 17 per night Check availability OYO Flagship Hotel Novelty Garden 3 stars Hotel in Patna Situated in Patna, Bihar region, OYO Flagship Hotel Novelty Garden is located 3.4 km from Patna Railway Station. With free WiFi, this 3-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Excellent💯💯💯💯💯💯 Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 49 reviews Price from CAD 20 per night Check availability Hotel Sharda Residency 3 stars Hotel in Patna Located in Patna, 2.5 km from Patna Railway Station, Hotel Sharda Residency provides accommodation with a terrace, free private parking and a restaurant. Clean rooms, courteous & helpful staff. Restaurant was good and also the room service. There are no good restaurants in the vicinity and this made up for it. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 33 reviews Price from CAD 55 per night Check availability SPOT ON 81083 Sky Villa Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Patna Situated in Patna, 5.6 km from Patna Railway Station, SPOT ON 81083 Sky Villa Hotel features rooms with air conditioning. This 3-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. The hotel room was clean, nice and spacious. Breakfast offered with a wide variety of food. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location is just perfect for a walk around the city centre." Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 23 reviews Check availability OYO Flagship Hotel Shobha International 3 stars Hotel in Katihār Set in Katihār, Bihar region, OYO Flagship Hotel Shobha International is situated 1.7 km from Katihar Railway Station. The 3-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom and free WiFi.... Staff behaving very rudely and water light issue to much problem don't have any sense how to speak Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 99 reviews Price from CAD 17 per night Check availability SPOT ON Hotel Raj 3 stars Hotel in Muzaffarpur Situated in Muzaffarpur, Bihar region, SPOT ON Hotel Raj is located 10 km from Muzaffarpur Railway Station. This 3-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. "Super nice hotel! Great hotel. Everything was nice. Me and my colleagues would surely choose it again next time we visit Helsinki. Great location, great service, friendly staff. Good value for the money. Breakfast was delicious. Very comfortable. Would definitely recommend Thank you!" Show more Show less 9.9 Exceptional 87 reviews Check availability See all 402 hotels in Bihar Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Bihar with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety OYO Flagship Hotel Shri Sai Palace 3 stars Hotel in Patna 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 SPOT ON Hotel Magadh In 2 stars Hotel in Nalanda 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 OYO Flagship Youth Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Gulzārbāgh 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Super OYO Flagship Patli Stay Homes 3 stars Hotel in Patna 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Flagship Yash Deep Guest House 3 stars Hotel in Patna 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 SPOT ON Hotel Raj 3 stars Hotel in Muzaffarpur 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 OYO Flagship Hotel Shobha International 3 stars Hotel in Katihār 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 SPOT ON 81083 Sky Villa Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Patna 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 OYO Flagship Marina Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Patna 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 Super OYO Flagship Youth Hotel & Banquet Hall 3 stars Hotel in Patna 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 See all Most booked hotels in Bihar in the past month See all Sakura House 3 stars Hotel in Bodh Gaya Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 8.3 Very good 155 reviews Ginger Patna 4 stars Hotel in Patna Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 6.2 Review score 147 reviews Itsy By Treebo - Buddha Inn 3 stars Hotel in Patna Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 6.5 Review score 53 reviews OYO Flagship Hotel Shri Sai Palace 3 stars Hotel in Patna Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 9.4 Superb 31 reviews THE BODHI PALACE RESORT 4 stars Hotel in Bodh Gaya Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 7.4 Good 103 reviews OYO Flagship Youth Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Gulzārbāgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 9.5 Exceptional 36 reviews OYO Flagship Hotel Shobha International 3 stars Hotel in Katihār Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 9.5 Exceptional 99 reviews SPOT ON The Green Resort Restaurant 3 stars Hotel in Patna Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 8.9 Fabulous 34 reviews OYO Flagship Marina Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Patna Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 9.9 Exceptional 101 reviews OYO Flagship Hotel Centre Point 3 stars Hotel in Chhapra Popular with guests booking hotels in Bihar 8.7 Fabulous 65 reviews Bihar's best hotels with breakfast See all The Bodhgaya Hotel School Hotel in Bodh Gaya Breakfast options The Bodhgaya Hotel School offers accommodation in Bodh Gaya. Free private parking is available on site. The rooms include a flat-screen TV with cable channels. You will find a kettle in the room. I liked the staff, they were all friendly and good fun. Ajay was always happy to assist. Show more Show less From CAD 88 per night 9.1 Superb 97 reviews FabHotel Prime The Golden Sunrise Hotel in Patna Breakfast options Situated in Patna, Bihar region, FabHotel Prime The Golden Sunrise is located 5.6 km from Patna Railway Station. Best food and service. Best service given by staff. Very polite, very humble. Fast and good service. Show more Show less From CAD 45 per night 9.2 Superb 6 reviews Marasa Sarovar Premiere, Bodhgaya Hotel in Bodh Gaya Breakfast options Located in Bodh Gaya, 3.2 km from Mahabodhi Temple, Marasa Sarovar Premiere, Bodhgaya provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Everything about the hotel is nice. Staff, ambience, Housekeeping, Food. Show more Show less From CAD 83 per night 8.1 Very good 299 reviews Hotel Sidh Vedantha Hotel in Patna Breakfast options Situated in Patna, 4.3 km from Patna Railway Station, Hotel Sidh Vedantha features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Food, Cleanliness and Staff Behavior were excellent. Show more Show less From CAD 73 per night 8.2 Very good 27 reviews Dhamma Grand Hotel Resort Hotel in Bodh Gaya Breakfast options Located in Bodh Gaya, 2.5 km from Mahabodhi Temple, Dhamma Grand Hotel Resort provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. New and spacious. Clean and neat. Show more Show less From CAD 62 per night 8.4 Very good 39 reviews The Royal Residency Hotel in Bodh Gaya Breakfast options Located in Bodh Gaya, 1.6 km from Mahabodhi Temple, The Royal Residency provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. Feeling like in Vietnam, our hometown. Show more Show less From CAD 73 per night 8.1 Very good 40 reviews Indo Hokke Hotel Hotel in Rājgīr Breakfast options Located in Rājgīr, Indo Hokke Hotel offers 3-star accommodation with a garden, a shared lounge and a restaurant. We went with Family. I was pleasantly surprised. Show more Show less From CAD 81 per night 8.0 Very good 32 reviews Oaks Bodhgaya Hotel in Bodh Gaya Breakfast options Located in Bodh Gaya, 3.6 km from Mahabodhi Temple, Oaks Bodhgaya provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. This 4-star hotel offers a restaurant. The staff was very cooperative, food was good and facilities good too. Show more Show less From CAD 130 per night 8.2 Very good 82 reviews Budget hotels in Bihar See all The Imperial Bodhgaya Hotel in Bodh Gaya Budget Hotel Situated in Bodh Gaya, 11 km from Mahabodhi Temple, The Imperial Bodhgaya features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. The hotel is a nice, comfortable hotel but somewhat away from all the main temples. Show more Show less From CAD 81 per night 8.5 Very good 21 reviews THE BODHI PALACE RESORT Hotel in Bodh Gaya Budget Hotel Located in Bodh Gaya, 7.2 km from Mahabodhi Temple, THE BODHI PALACE RESORT provides accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a garden. staff was very helpful and service was always very polite and prompt. Show more Show less From CAD 63 per night 7.5 Good 103 reviews Ginger Patna Hotel in Patna Budget Hotel Situated in Patna, less than 1 km from Patna Railway Station, Ginger Patna features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking and a restaurant. the staff - avnish was very friendly and the facilities were good as well Show more Show less From CAD 81 per night 6.2 Review score 147 reviews Hotel Buddha,Gaya Hotel in Bodh Gaya Budget Hotel Hotel Buddha, Gaya is situated in Bodh Gaya, within 17 km of Mahabodhi Temple and 400 metres of Gaya Railway Station. With free WiFi, this 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Show more Show less From CAD 95 per night Heritage Residency Patna Hotel in Patna Budget Hotel Situated in Patna, 1.4 km from Patna Railway Station, Heritage Residency Patna features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk. Show more Show less From CAD 86 per night Hotel Adarsh Patna Hotel in Patna Budget Hotel Located in Patna, Bihar region, Hotel Adarsh Patna is set 300 metres from Patna Railway Station. With free WiFi, this 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Show more Show less From CAD 55 per night Hotel THE LEELAWATI patana Hotel in Patna Budget Hotel Located in Patna, Bihar region, Hotel THE LEELAWATI patana is situated 700 metres from Patna Railway Station. The 3-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom and free WiFi. Show more Show less From CAD 146 per night Hotel Kanha Shyam Madhubani Hotel in Madhubani Budget Hotel Hotel Kanha Shyam Madhubani is located in Madhubani. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk. The hotel also provides free WiFi and free private parking. Show more Show less From CAD 146 per night Hotels in Bihar that you can book without a credit card See all OYO Flagship Om Shriyam Banquet And Heritage Hotel in Patna No credit card needed Located in Patna, Bihar region, OYO Flagship Om Shriyam Banquet And Heritage is set 5.8 km from Patna Railway Station. With free WiFi, this 3-star hotel offers room service. The staff were incredibly helpful and always available to assist me. Show more Show less From CAD 16 per night 8.6 Fabulous 12 reviews OYO Flagship Hotel Prince Inn And Banquet Hall Hotel in Patna No credit card needed Set in Patna, Bihar region, OYO Flagship Hotel Prince Inn And Banquet Hall is located 31 km from Patna Railway Station. This 3-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. They had charged us almost 320 bucks more than online price Show more Show less From CAD 16 per night 8.4 Very good 5 reviews PARK PRIDE INN Hotel in Patna No credit card needed Situated in Patna, 1.3 km from Patna Railway Station, PARK PRIDE INN features accommodation with a restaurant and free private parking. Management of hotel is so good & superb behaviour of staff members 😇. Show more Show less From CAD 38 per night 8.1 Very good 35 reviews Flagship Hotel Sneh Inn Rms Colony Hotel in Patna No credit card needed Flagship Hotel Sneh Inn Rms Colony offers free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Patna. All guest rooms in the hotel are fitted with a TV. Thanks for this wonderful experience in such low tariff - Awesome service OYO 👍 Show more Show less From CAD 11 per night 8.3 Very good 18 reviews OYO Flagship 79796 Hotel Royal Inn Hotel in Gulzārbāgh No credit card needed OYO Flagship 79796 Hotel Royal Inn features accommodation in Gulzārbāgh. This 3-star hotel offers a shared kitchen, room service and free WiFi. Nothing.everything was very bad. Show more Show less From CAD 14 per night 8.3 Very good 33 reviews Hotel Lilac Doors Hotel in Patna No credit card needed Set in Patna, 5.5 km from Patna Railway Station, Hotel Lilac Doors offers accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a shared lounge and a spa and wellness centre. In all its worth to stay at Hotel Lilac Doors. Courteous, Humble and very helpful staffs. Show more Show less From CAD 22 per night 7.4 Good 218 reviews G.V HERITAGE Hotel in Darbhanga No credit card needed Featuring a terrace, G.V HERITAGE is located in Darbhanga in the Bihar region, 39 km from Samastipur Junction Railway Station. Staff is very good behaviour,hotel security is very nice, Show more Show less From CAD 24 per night 5.3 Review score 107 reviews Hotel Mani International Hotel in Patna No credit card needed Situated in Patna, Bihar region, Hotel Mani International is located 1.8 km from Patna Railway Station. Everything just fabulous , staff behavior to friendly and on behalf of my experience ,it is best... Show more Show less From CAD 22 per night 5.8 Review score 251 reviews FAQs about hotels in Bihar What hotels in Bihar are good for couples? Couples travelling in Bihar loved staying at OYO Flagship Youth Hotel, Flagship Hotel Sneh Inn Rms Colony and FabHotel Prime The Golden Sunrise. Similarly, these hotels in Bihar are highly rated by couples: OYO Flagship Parrots Inn, Super OYO Flagship Youth Hotel & Banquet Hall and OYO Flagship Hotel Novelty Garden. What hotels in Bihar have nice views? SPOT ON Hotel Elite, JJK Rukmini Vilas Hotel & Banquet and OYO Flagship Om Shriyam Banquet And Heritage have received great reviews from travellers in Bihar regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying in Bihar also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Indo Hokke Hotel, Sakura House and Oaks Bodhgaya. How much is a hotel in Bihar for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Bihar this weekend is CAD 39 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 57. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Bihar for this weekend cost on average around CAD 113 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels in Bihar near Jay Prakash Narayan Airport? Travellers who stayed in Bihar near Jay Prakash Narayan Airport (PAT) have said good things about OYO Flagship Hotel Shri Sai Palace, Super OYO Flagship Patli Stay Homes and SPOT ON 81083 Sky Villa Hotel. Among the hotels near Jay Prakash Narayan Airport in Bihar, OYO Flagship Rameshwaram Guest House Gandhi Nagar, Flagship Yash Deep Guest House and OYO Flagship Hotel Novelty Garden have also been highly rated. What are the best hotels in Bihar near Mahabodhi Temple? Some of the best hotels in Bihar near Mahabodhi Temple include RAJHAT MARANAO House, Beauty Guest House and Ansari House. What are the best cities to stay in Bihar? Patna, Bodh Gaya and Gulzārbāgh are popular with other travellers visiting Bihar. How many hotels in Bihar are listed on Booking.com? There are 765 hotels in Bihar you can book on Booking.com. How much is a hotel in Bihar for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 30 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Bihar for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 54 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Bihar will cost around CAD 74 (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels to stay in Bihar? OYO Flagship Marina Hotel, OYO Flagship Rameshwaram Guest House Gandhi Nagar and Super OYO Flagship Patli Stay Homes are some of the popular hotels in Bihar. In addition to these hotels, SPOT ON 81083 Sky Villa Hotel, SPOT ON Hotel Raj and Super OYO Flagship Youth Hotel & Banquet Hall are also popular in Bihar. Which hotels in Bihar are good for families? Many families visiting Bihar loved staying at OYO Flagship Youth Hotel, SPOT ON Hotel Elite and OYO Flagship Hotel Novelty Garden. Similarly, OYO Flagship Parrots Inn, OYO Flagship Marina Hotel and SPOT ON Hotel Raj are also popular among family travellers. What hotels in Bihar offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Bihar that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Oaks Bodhgaya, The Bodhgaya Hotel School and Hotel Sharda Residency. Breakfast at these hotels in Bihar are also highly rated: The Grand Hotel, Muzaffarpur, Hotel Glory Grand, Rajgir and Marasa Sarovar Premiere, Bodhgaya. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Bihar? On average, 3-star hotels in Bihar cost CAD 32 per night, and 4-star hotels in Bihar are CAD 66 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Bihar can on average be found for CAD 97 per night (based on Booking.com prices). Planning a trip? Get inspired by reviews of cities in Bihar 6.0 Patna, and Bihar, should be avoided by regular tourist. But if you enjoy people, and can respect their struggles, you might be able to appreciate the people of this poor state. I enjoyed Patna, but I'm a different sort of western traveler. If you're looking to experience the way of life of people, in one of the poorest cities/states in India, then you might come here. But if you're just a regular tourist looking only for India's top tourist sites, then it might be best to avoid the state of Bihar. Bihar isn't a place for regular tourists. It's a harsher environment than a lot of other regions of India. Show more Show less Barry Canada 6.0 There aren't enough bus facilities to travel to bodh... There aren't enough bus facilities to travel to bodh gaya. City looks pathetic even by other indian cities. Whole of bihar looks bad. Long way to go. Avoid patna if possible Show more Show less RAGHURAM India 10 The only place where you get to see different country's... The only place where you get to see different country's temple. All lord Buddha temples but, all were different construction according to their culture. If you are touring Bihar, Jharkhand then you must visit this place. Restaurant Tirupati is only veg and they served us best Jain food. Show more Show less Hemal India 10 A great place for tourists because you will be a thing of... A great place for tourists because you will be a thing of wonder. People will be falling over themselves to talk to you. Everyone is very friendly, helpful and thrilled that you are here in Patna. There are plenty of sightseeing options- Ghandi museum, Bihar Museum, Patna Museum, parks, streets, cinemas. Street eats are terrific... Asian market style near Boring Road Chowk. Plus there's a Haldiram's :)!!! Just walking around and chatting to local people was fun. A very authentic experience in Patna...NO touts... Just friendly, helpful locals who are delighted to meet foreign tourists. I'd recommend it - the REAL India!! Show more Show less Alison Australia 8.0 The 350 years Gurpurb celebrations of Guru Gobind Singh Ji... The 350 years Gurpurb celebrations of Guru Gobind Singh Ji Maharaj was excellently facilitated for by the Bihar Gov. A special thanks to CM Nitesh Kumar for this lovely arrangement 🙏🏽 Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 10 Wow! A truly wonderful place. Wow! A truly wonderful place. A good range of hotels (we stayed at the Nalanda Regency and it was a very comfortable 3 star hotel with a great restaurant). Rajgir is a jumping off point for visiting the old Nalanda ruins and Vulture's Peak (both places where the Buddha taught and meditated for long periods of time). Rajgir is also now home to the new Nalanda University currently in development stages. A very old cross road for people traveling up and down from Nepal through Patna into southern Bihar... we could have stayed there longer! Rajgir also boasts a beautiful peace park, Venuvan, and we made sure to get there for a dawn meditation... peaceful place well kept and lots of spaces to sit, contemplate and meditate. A place to see statues, monkeys, and lovely trees and even a bamboo grove. Show more Show less Anonymous Australia 10 A beautiful small oasis in a dry and less activity area like... A beautiful small oasis in a dry and less activity area like Gaya in Bihar. Bodh Gaya has it all. ATMs to Coffee Shops to Shopping Complex to Restaurants (all types). One comes here for peace, meditation and to align themselves with buddhist ideologies and from what i observed, they surely can get that. Every major Buddhist practising country have temples constructed here and some of them i must say are STUNNING! Thailand, Japan, Mongolia, Sri Lanka, Burma, Bhutan and so on.. Gaya has an airport. An international one. So if you are visiting anywhere near like Varanasi, Gaya is not a bad place to add in the list. May require 2 days for a full round up. Don't miss the enormous and jaw dropping 100 ft. Buddha Statue and the Maha Bodhi temple where Sidhartha the king became Buddha after enlightenment. Show more Show less Arun Prasanna Botswana 6.0 I visited Bodhgaya in May. I visited Bodhgaya in May. Probably not the best time to be here(it's boiling). I'm here for a 10-day vipassana course. Else, it's a good place for anyone who is into Buddhism. They have temples from almost all the Buddhist nations around the world (Japan, Tibet, China, Mongolia, Thailand, etc). The great Buddha statue which stands 80ft tall is simply spectacular. Travelling around is no problem here, you'll always find shared electric rickshaws which are extremely cheap to get around. One the best places to eat would be Hari Om cafe, definitely try Litti Chokha which is a local delicacy in Bihar. Show more Show less Sachit India 6.0 It's a typical developing town of bihar. It's a typical developing town of bihar. Two days stay is enough. Rope way and Pandu Pokhar (amusement park )were very good experience. Town is dirty. Good foods are not available. However, safe for travelling Show more Show less PREM BIBHAS India 8.0 Patna is always loveable to me because I am from bihar and I... Patna is always loveable to me because I am from bihar and I love people of bihar there language is so sweet . Show more Show less tabish India Explore guest reviews of hotels in Bihar See all Itsy By Treebo - Buddha Inn Hotel in Patna From CAD 38 per night 6.5 Review score 53 reviews For a hotel in this price range, the rooms were clean and nice (AC worked). The bedsheets could have been a bit better laundried (on two occasions there were stains left). Good complementary breakfast from 8 to half past 10. Overall very friendly staff (a bit indifferent at the breakfast venue). This is close to the new Bihar Museum which was important for us. As the hotel is in a backstreet, you are away from the hectic and chaos of main streets but still in walking distance to some good shopping and food facilities. Show more Show less Max Germany Hotel Nalanda Guest House Hotel in Nalanda From CAD 22 per night 7.9 Good 14 reviews Neat and clean Rooms with all basic needs . Well behaved Staff. Location and surrounding is perfect . Tasty and hygenic food with affordable. The hotel is situated just a few yards away from the main road, biharsharif Rajgir road near Nalanda Gate. The Staffs are well behaved and courteous. The remains of famous Nalanda University is just half kms away from the hotel. You mau easily visit Pawapuri and Rajgir from this place as there are so many means of transportation. Free parking facilities is also there. Show more Show less Ankul India THE BODHI PALACE RESORT Hotel in Bodh Gaya From CAD 63 per night 7.5 Good 103 reviews the resort is located very close to airport which gives it an upper edge over other hotel nearby. The property is very beautiful with very polite and helpful staff. i didn’t face any problem during my stay. Coming to the food , it was delicious and i would just love to come over qgain just for the food itself. so ya if u r looking for a good property in Bihar, there is no better option than this. Show more Show less Anonymous India Marasa Sarovar Premiere, Bodhgaya Hotel in Bodh Gaya From CAD 83 per night 8.1 Very good 299 reviews being newly constructed it is at par with any other good hotels in India. once our car enters the gate of this hotel every thing is neat and clean. but the last 5 minutes of the road before you reach the property are horrible and give the real picture of Bihar’s poverty and indiscipline . In a sense we feel guilty to stay here when just outside the condition of the residents is pathetic. Show more Show less sandhya India Hostel Relax Homestay Gaya From CAD 7 per night 8.7 Fabulous 269 reviews Concept of hostel is very new to Bihar and relax homestay is at best at its services. All credit goes to mukesh bhai and neha didi who is making this concept beautiful in Gaya. Experiences at this place will make you visit this place for more than once. Most important thing is value for money Show more Show less asif India Dhamma Grand Hotel Resort Hotel in Bodh Gaya From CAD 62 per night 8.4 Very good 39 reviews The ambience was very good. Total value for money. Helpful and polite staff. We were here for 4 days and I had infact come to Bihar for the first time. Very courteous staff and food was very tasty. Will definitely visit again Show more Show less Rohit India Hotel Sujata From CAD 146 per night 6.5 Review score 2 reviews Show more Show less Anonymous Maha Bodhi Hotel.Resort.Convention Centre From CAD 70 per night 7.6 Good 37 reviews The rooms were very good. The ambience was wonderfull. The service was excellent. All was very comfortable. Show more Show less Mahesh Hotel Windsor From CAD 49 per night 6.0 Review score 41 reviews Good staff and location is good too Show more Show less Farooque Azam khan Hotel Rajhans International From CAD 41 per night 7.8 Good 24 reviews The facilities were OK, all in working order. Show more Show less Deaker Hotel Patliputra Continental From CAD 133 per night 7.4 Good 138 reviews Variety in breakfast was good. Need to change the breakfast menu frequently as I stayed for 4 days and the breakfast menu was almost same. Show more Show less Navneet Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Goa Hit the road and make the most of your trip by discovering another popular destination within India. Hotels in Delhi Discover another popular destination within India. Hotels near Jay Prakash Narayan Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Gaya International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Flights to Bihar Reaching Bihar just got easier! Hotels in Bodh Gaya A popular choice with guests visiting Bihar. Hotels in Gaya Thinking about which towns and cities to visit during your trip to Bihar? Try Gaya, a popular choice with guests. Hotels in India Set off to explore the whole country. Hotels near Mahabodhi Temple Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440