The 10 best hotels in London, Greater London - Cheap London hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in London Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for London hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom Greater London London Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ London – 10,757 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Zedwell Piccadilly Circus Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Located in London’s West End, Zedwell Piccadilly Circus boasts over 700 windowless rooms in Piccadilly Circus. Dora Mexico The location is unbeatable, just in the middle of Picadilly Circus. The hotel aesthetic is *chef kiss * , elevators were BIG and the room size was good, much better than other hotels in London. We felt very comfortable and modern, staying here. 100% recommend. Show more Show less 7.5 Good 30,165 reviews Price from CAD 177 per night Check availability The Tower Hotel, London 4 stars Hotel in Wapping, London Nestled between the River Thames and St Katherine’s Dock, and next to Tower Bridge, The Tower Hotel, London offers ideal location, a restaurant, a bar and a fitness centre. Eve Netherlands We were upgraded when the receptionist learned it was my nephew's first time staying in London, and had a room with an amazing view of the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. The beds were so comfy and we slept really well. Sound proofing is good - we barely heard any of our neighbours! - and the room was clean if a little worn around the edges. They had rushed to clean the room for us (because of the upgrade) and the previous occupants fresh clothing was left in a drawer, but otherwise everything was fab! Show more Show less 7.8 Good 19,200 reviews Price from CAD 217 per night Check availability Intercontinental London - The O2, an IHG Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Greenwich, London InterContinental London - The O2, an IHG hotel offers modern luxury on the Greenwich Peninsula. Afzaal United Arab Emirates Everything clean comfortable well maintained close by tube station 15-20 minutes you are in central London and otherwise it’s calm place closeby O2 many options to eat and have nice stay with family Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 9,277 reviews Price from CAD 376 per night Check availability Park Plaza London, Park Royal 4 stars Hotel in Ealing, London Situated 3.2 km from Wembley Stadium in London, Park Plaza London, Park Royal welcomes guests with a restaurant, bar and gym. Adil United Arab Emirates Everything was as expected or better including cleanliness, room amenities and staff. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 8,114 reviews Price from CAD 169 per night Check availability Blakemore Hyde Park 4 stars Hotel in Westminster Borough, London With free WiFi and 4-star bedrooms, the stylish Blakemore Hotel also features a leisure centre, a creative cocktail bar and restaurant open every day. Joyce Brazil Everything was ok. Clean, good location, breakfast. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 10,824 reviews Price from CAD 309 per night Check availability The Z Hotel Covent Garden Hotel in Covent Garden, London Z Covent Garden offers a 113 bedroom hotel in the heart of London’s West End. John Philippines The hotel is located to almost all the places we wanted to go. It was a short walk to where we needed/wanted to go. Its perfect for those who are only looking for a place to sleep and out most of the day. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 9,784 reviews Price from CAD 222 per night Check availability The Z Hotel City Hotel in City of London, London The Z Hotel City offers accommodation in central London, opposite the Royal Courts of Justice and just a few minutes' walk from Chancery Lane and Temple Tube Station. najla Saudi Arabia close to stations and walking distance from many attractions Show more Show less 7.8 Good 7,949 reviews Price from CAD 179 per night Check availability Park Plaza London Waterloo 4 stars Hotel in Lambeth, London Offering a restaurant and bar, Park Plaza London Waterloo is located in London, a short walk from Lambeth North underground station and less than a 10-minute walk from Westminster Bridge and the... Călători Booking Romania Very close to the most important tourist places. The staff was extremely hospitable and ready to fulfill any wish of our family. Cleanliness and comfort are the strong assets of the hotel complex. Thank you very much! See you soon! Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 9,275 reviews Price from CAD 246 per night Check availability The Z Hotel Victoria Hotel in Westminster Borough, London In the central London district of Victoria, The Z Hotel Victoria offers compact and luxurious accommodation with a contemporary design. Angélica Costa Rica Is less than 5min walk from Victoria Station, the room is small but very organized and clean just like the photos. the staff was very nice, perfect for one night Show more Show less 7.8 Good 8,028 reviews Price from CAD 179 per night Check availability Park Avenue Bayswater Inn Hyde Park 4 stars Hotel in Westminster Borough, London This basic and quiet London hotel offers good-value comfort a short walk from Bayswater Tube, Hyde Park and Whiteleys Shopping Centre. Pinkan Canada The location is perfect. Close to public transportations and restaurants are around the corner. Show more Show less 7.2 Good 3,387 reviews Price from CAD 157 per night Check availability See all 2396 hotels in London Most booked hotels in London in the past month See all Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 5.7 Above average · 18,804 reviews Park Plaza Westminster Bridge London Hotel in Lambeth, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 8.3 Very good · 21,157 reviews Zedwell Piccadilly Circus Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 7.5 Good · 30,165 reviews The Cumberland, London Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 8.1 Very good · 1,842 reviews The Tower Hotel, London Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 7.8 Good · 19,200 reviews Riu Plaza London Victoria Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 8.2 Very good · 2,623 reviews Strand Palace Hotel Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 8.1 Very good · 12,847 reviews Park Plaza London Riverbank Hotel in Lambeth, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 8.1 Very good · 11,511 reviews The Dilly Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 8.0 Very good · 4,186 reviews Park Avenue Bayswater Inn Hyde Park Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Popular with guests booking hotels in London 7.2 Good · 3,387 reviews London's best hotels with breakfast See all Shangri-La The Shard, London Hotel in Southwark, London Breakfast options Occupying levels 34-52, the Shangri-La Hotel The Shard, London offers 5-star luxury and breathtaking views of the capital and beyond. Excellent experience, beautiful view and breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 1,059.57 9.0 Superb · 3,092 reviews The Savoy Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Breakfast options Originally opened in 1889, the world-famous Savoy Hotel is situated on the banks of the Thames and less than 5 minutes' walk from The British Museum and The Royal Opera House. Staff totally amazing Decedent for Christmas perfect Avg. price/night: CAD 1,306.32 9.4 Superb · 2,381 reviews 41 Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Breakfast options Nestled behind Buckingham Palace, this luxurious hotel is opposite the Royal Mews. Absolutely amazing hotel and staff . Unbelievable . Avg. price/night: CAD 985.29 9.7 Exceptional · 1,032 reviews The Fox & Goose Hotel Hotel in London Breakfast options The Fox And Goose Hotel is only 5 minutes' walk from Hanger Lane Underground Station (Central Line), a 15-minute drive from Wembley Stadium/Arena, and 30 minutes from Central London by public... Great location for Central London, free parking!!! Avg. price/night: CAD 198.25 9.1 Superb · 4,990 reviews The Montague On The Gardens Hotel in Camden, London Breakfast options Overlooking private, secluded gardens, this 4-star luxury hotel offers 2 restaurants, an on-site gym and 2 sun rooms. Russell Square Underground Station is a 4 minute walk away. Great location, amazing breakfast, beautiful property Avg. price/night: CAD 484.11 9.0 Superb · 2,851 reviews The Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Breakfast options This 4-star luxury hotel is in London's Mayfair, just off Berkeley Square. Oxford Street is 800 metres away. The hotel has complimentary WiFi, air-conditioned rooms and an award-winning restaurant. Great location and very friendly and helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 623.27 9.0 Superb · 3,057 reviews The Langham London Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Breakfast options Located at the top of Regent Street, the prestigious Langham offers an award-winning glamorous bar, Artesian, and a stylish restaurant, Roux at the Landau. The hotel has a very calm atmosphere from a very busy london Avg. price/night: CAD 1,029.68 9.2 Superb · 1,531 reviews Sofitel London St James Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Breakfast options In London's West End, this 5-star luxury hotel is set in a beautifully preserved Neoclassical building. The staff help us at every moment, they are great! Avg. price/night: CAD 922.11 9.2 Superb · 1,156 reviews Budget hotels in London See all Snoozebox Olympic Park Hotel in Newham, London Budget Hotel Snoozebox Olympic Park in London provides adults-only accommodation with a shared lounge, a terrace and a bar. Very convenient for the ABBA show. Room was perfect. Avg. price/night: CAD 170.78 8.0 Very good · 7,250 reviews ibis London Canning Town Hotel in Newham, London Budget Hotel Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, ibis London Canning Town offers pet-friendly accommodation in London. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. The rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV. Very new and clean. Check in very easy and smooth. Nice bar. Avg. price/night: CAD 150.95 8.8 Fabulous · 5,224 reviews Hampton By Hilton London Docklands Hotel in Newham, London Budget Hotel Located in London, 9-minutes' walk from the ExCel London exhibition centre and 5.3 km from O2 Arena, Hampton By Hilton London Docklands boasts air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Clean and comfortable. Great choice for breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 144.63 8.3 Very good · 5,336 reviews Moxy London Excel Hotel in Newham, London Budget Hotel Moxy London Excel is located in London, 2.9 km from O2 Arena and features a shared lounge. This 4-star pet-friendly hotel offers a bar. Free WIFI is available on site. Very convenient to get to the o2, 2 minute walk to the DLR Avg. price/night: CAD 145.15 8.2 Very good · 3,278 reviews Holiday Inn Express London - ExCel, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Newham, London Budget Hotel Located in the heart of London's Docklands, this Holiday Inn Express is a 7-minute walk from the ExCel and a 1.1 miles from London City Airport. Very easy to access to trains, nice location,hospitality Avg. price/night: CAD 143.69 8.1 Very good · 4,900 reviews Homefield Lodge Hotel in Brent, London Budget Hotel Situated in London, 1.9 km from Park Royal, Homefield Lodge features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. This 2-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk. Lovley place, not to far tube, flexible with car park Avg. price/night: CAD 161.37 8.0 Very good · 397 reviews Golders Park Hotel Hotel in London Budget Hotel Located in London, 6.9 km from Lord's Cricket Ground, Golders Park Hotel features views of the city. This 3-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, a concierge service and free WiFi. Good location, comfortable bed, quite clean, modern Avg. price/night: CAD 140.02 5.7 Above average · 1,197 reviews Wanstead Hotel Hotel in London Budget Hotel Wanstead Hotel is set in London. The property is situated 6 km from Victoria Park, 12 km from Brick Lane and 14 km from O2 Arena. The property is non-smoking and is located 6 km from Olympic Stadium. Near to the tube. Near to the Tesco market. Friendly staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 134.99 7.6 Good · 1,017 reviews Hotels located in the centre of London See all Covent Garden Hotel, Firmdale Hotels Hotel in Camden, London Central location Situated in the heart of London’s theatre district, Covent Garden Hotel is a 5-minute walk from the Royal Opera House, and surrounded by some of London’s best restaurants, bars and nightlife. Excellent hotel. Rooms are very big and comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 932.35 9.5 Exceptional · 204 reviews The Soho Hotel, Firmdale Hotels Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Central location Situated 5 minutes’ walk from Oxford Street, The Soho Hotel features a fully equipped gym with an on-site personal trainer. Location super! Overall design and comfort excellent. Avg. price/night: CAD 1,034.81 9.5 Exceptional · 323 reviews Broadwick Soho Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Central location Ideally set in the centre of London, Broadwick Soho features air-conditioned rooms, a terrace, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 5-star hotel offers room service and a concierge service. Avg. price/night: CAD 838.43 9.5 Exceptional · 2 reviews The Ritz London Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Central location Overlooking London’s Green Park is the world-famous The Ritz London. The Ritz is one of the world’s most elegant hotels. Avg. price/night: CAD 2,604.09 9.5 Exceptional · 598 reviews Grand Residences by Marriott - Mayfair-London Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Central location In the heart of Mayfair, Marriott 47 Park Street offers luxurious Edwardian suites furnished with works of art and crystal lighting. Guests can relax with satellite TV and CD/DVD players. 9.5 Exceptional · 14 reviews One Aldwych Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Central location Located in London and with Savoy Theatre reachable within 200 metres, One Aldwych provides concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Great location, beautiful building and very friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 1,109.94 9.4 Superb · 672 reviews The Kings Arms Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Central location The Kings Arms is ideally situated in the centre of London, and features a terrace, free WiFi and a bar. It was quirky, interesting, immaculate and spacious 9.4 Superb · 1,087 reviews Haymarket Hotel, Firmdale Hotels Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Central location In the heart of London’s theatre district, the elegant Haymarket Hotel is surrounded by restaurants, bars, and is just next door to the Theatre Royal. Absolutely everything and all the staff. it’s a 6 STAR. Avg. price/night: CAD 963.09 9.3 Superb · 201 reviews FAQs about hotels in London How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in London? On average, 3-star hotels in London cost CAD 255 per night, and 4-star hotels in London are CAD 382 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in London can on average be found for CAD 756 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in London for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in London this weekend is CAD 556 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 614. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in London for this weekend cost on average around CAD 1,324 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in London for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 475 per night to book a 3-star hotel in London for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 690 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in London will cost around CAD 1,333 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in London are good for families? Many families visiting London loved staying at The Soho Hotel, Firmdale Hotels, Covent Garden Hotel, Firmdale Hotels and 41. What are the best hotels in London near The Shard? Some of the best hotels in London near The Shard include Shangri-La The Shard, London, Cheval Three Quays at The Tower of London and Vintry & Mercer. What are the best hotels in London near London Gatwick Airport? Travellers who stayed in London near London Gatwick Airport (LGW) have said good things about Sofitel London Gatwick, Bloc Hotel London Gatwick Airport and Hampton by Hilton London Gatwick Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in London? 41, Pan Pacific London and The Kings Arms are some of the popular hotels in London. What hotels in London offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in London that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try 41, Blackbird and Claridge's. What hotels in London are good for couples? These hotels in London are highly rated by couples: 41, Pan Pacific London and Claridge's. What hotels in London have nice views? Shangri-La The Shard, London, Royal Lancaster London and Blackbird have received great reviews from travellers in London regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Switch on in London Renowned for its fashion, art and theatre scenes, the majestic city of London needs little introduction. A visit here offers museums of every kind, shopping in ramshackle markets, cutting-edge boutiques and luxury department stores, along with an endless range of international cuisine to enjoy. Admire stunning views from the London Eye, a vast collection of British Museums and the relaxing greenery of the Hyde Park! Home to landmarks such as Buckingham Palace, the stunning Westminster and Wembley Stadium, London has something for every traveller. Make sure you visit fashionable Notting Hill and its colourful Portobello Market, pay a visit to the elegant West End entertainment district and shop till you drop on the famous Oxford Street. The city’s museums and galleries are among the best in the world and so are its restaurants and clubs! The famous London tube connects the city’s many sights and travelling on the Underground is an experience in itself. Whether your London flight arrives at Heathrow airport, the world’s busiest, Gatwick, Stansted or Luton, you’re just a short ride from the heart of the city and its amazing attractions. And don’t worry about the accommodations... Booking.com has a choice of over 1,000 luxury hotels, apartments and budget hostels, so just plan what you want to see and enjoy your perfect London holiday. Learn more about visiting London 1474 attractions 275 points of interest 106 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about London City trip 255,391 reviews Boating 2,849 reviews Sightseeing 107,069 reviews Food trip 128,106 reviews Family-friendly 9,942 reviews Shopping 43,887 reviews What guests said about London: 6.0 Just a hyped & expensive place. Just a hyped & expensive place. If you are a gulf resident, you will definitely feel that the place is very bad with facilities. Barely any public toilets (a lot of stations do not have toilets), no toilets in the park or major attractions, plus there are payable toilets without the jet spray. Food is pretty average & expensive. Farjam Finland 10 Amazing town especially at Christmas with the wonderful... Amazing town especially at Christmas with the wonderful illuminations along the Oxford Street and Piccadilly Circus district. A lot of market to do with this succulent red cider and the traditional hot chocolate to taste. For a weekend you'll love to discover the Hyde Park with all the cute squirrels that come to eat from your hand, the magisterial Buckingham Palace, the Victoria's district, Big Ben with the London Eye view of course and try the City Cruiser by strolling on the TAMISE river and admire London by night. Don't hesitate to go to SOHO district where you can savor the best meats in a festive atmosphere. Next time I hope to discover the Camden Town and Nothing Hill districts that promise to show the old english charming spirit of London!!! Amel France 10 The international capital of London is unmissable! The international capital of London is unmissable! As it is with exploring any fascinating city, you'll find the gems and 'real' London if you start to wander away from the big sights. Pubs; churches; history; local favourites; unique shopping. Wander even further and you'll meet the quintessential homes and cottages and atmosphere of your favourite British films. But there's also the surprising scenes of a modern and crazy skyline. London can be what you want it because every type of person and lifestyle is here :) Olivia United Kingdom 10 Great Xmas in London Xmas 23...sight-seeing the lights... Great Xmas in London Xmas 23...sight-seeing the lights...entertainment...the xmas trees....the parks, the architecture....i stayed at city sleeper, cos i thought it would be easy to sleep, right? wrong...skimped on heating, the bath was cold..., ddroom hadn't been cleaned from the previous occupant...totally disappointed - however i had a wonderful time Darren United Kingdom 10 Absolutely stunning. Absolutely stunning. The city is even more magical than usual as the Christmas decorations and markets are all over the city. I would recommend at least 1 week to really enjoy the main touristic places. Sabrina United Kingdom 10 London during the festive season is fun, exciting and full... London during the festive season is fun, exciting and full of beautiful Xmas scenes. Londoners are so helpful, warm and friendly. Such an easy city to get around both walking and on the underground. So much to see and do with a great variety of events and shows for everyone. Don't miss Covent Garden for great live street entertainment. J Janet United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in London See all Days Inn Hyde Park Westminster Borough, London From CAD 341.52 per night 7.4 Good · 1,868 reviews Great location. if you are okay using the Underground you can get anywhere and with the addition of the Elizabeth line recently it makes getting around even easier. Nice breakfast to start the day especially as it can be hard to find an early morning breakfast in England. Also, Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are a hidden gem in London for lovers of green spaces. since they are west of most sights they get overlooked. We walked from the hotel down through the park over to Buckingham and had a great time. Simon United States Buckle Street Studios by Locke Tower Hamlets, London From CAD 315.91 per night 8.5 Very good · 1,653 reviews Finally a boutique affordable and nicely designed hotel in London that has style and taste and doesn’t look like an IKEA showroom or dusty hotel room like most others!! THANK YOU for bringing affordable style in a hotel- please continue to take over London with cute stylish hotels like this. It needs it! Second time staying and it’s my go-to place when you dont want to stay in a hotel that feels like a Travelodge or board room! Love it, and live the staff 🫶 C Chantelle United Kingdom Inhabit, Queen's Gardens Westminster Borough, London From CAD 304.29 per night 8.3 Very good · 5,790 reviews We stayed in the queen room. Much larger than most rooms in London. Large walk in shower. Very clean and the cozy but also looked modern. Our room was very quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Only 5 minute walk from Paddington station. I will 100% be staying here again and I literally have no complaints! Even if it's not the cheapest in London this hotel really is much better than other hotels in this price range. Felt like a 5 stars. KolbeinnBrynjars Iceland The Carlyle - Stunning Serviced Apartments Kensington and Chelsea, London 8.9 Fabulous · 335 reviews 1. The place was perfect for our family. We like to stay in places where there is a lounging/living room area and a kitchen; hence the preference for apartments over hotels. Loved the layout - two floors, entrance per floor, luggage storage under the stairs). 2. Ease of check in and check out. 3. Clean and comfortable. 4. Very responsive support even if not onsite. 5. Location was great. Jocelyn Philippines Hilton London Euston Camden, London From CAD 291.49 per night 7.2 Good · 2,021 reviews Staff is friendly. The bed is comfortable. Lo e the blue light in the bathroom for use at night (red would be even friendlier ontheeyes). Breakfast is great, to the standard I expect for this brand and price. Compared to the cheaper hotels it's good value for money by London prices. Samira United Kingdom Goodenough College – University Residence Camden, London From CAD 409.82 per night 8.3 Very good · 1,156 reviews The location was great! Close to the underground and Pancreas / King's Cross rail stations. Also close to a Waitrose store. The room was large and spacious, and it was quiet. Althoug it wasn't cheap, it was good value when compared to hotels in London of equal quality. Gordon Barbados Wedgewood Hotel Westminster Borough, London From CAD 99.89 per night 5.7 Above average · 2,463 reviews I stay in a lot of cheap hotels in London and this is my least favourite. The single bed was not a proper bed. It was a metal camp bed that sagged in the middle so it was very uncomfortable. I think the minimum you can expect from these cheap hotels is an actual proper bed Richard Garrod United Kingdom Mercure London Paddington Hotel Westminster Borough, London From CAD 255.27 per night 6.4 Pleasant · 2,561 reviews The hotel is close to Paddington station for trains to the west of England and to Wales. The station also has metro lines including one to Heathrow Airport. Close to the hotel there are a number of bus stops. It is easy to reach Central London either by metro or bus David Brazil Park Grand London Kensington Kensington and Chelsea, London From CAD 245.89 per night 7.9 Good · 9,118 reviews The hotel is very well located a short 3mins walk from Earl's Court making it easy to arrive from Heathrow as well as transit into the city. Considering the cost of hotels in London, I would say this hotel is decent value and the staff were very friendly. Selina Canada Sherborne Court Kensington and Chelsea, London 8.2 Very good · 195 reviews its like a hotel apartments fyi, the staff were very understanding and friendly, if anyone was wondering it does have an elevator haha. I honestly would stay there again if i visit london. the location was great it was like a 3 min walk from the subway. nora United Arab Emirates Aptel East Tower Hamlets, London From CAD 304.29 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,703 reviews Very modern and clean apartments. The kitchenette has everything you need. Nearby are shops where you can buy groceries. All our requests were fulfilled immediately. The hotel is located a 25-minute walk from the Tower of London and the bridge. Kateryna Ukraine Great Scotland Yard Hotel, part of Hyatt Westminster Borough, London From CAD 681.33 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 822 reviews Great location in the historic part of London. Rather less expensive than other 5 star hotels nearby. Great stay if you like unusual twist about the place where you are staying - the building previously has been a main police office of the city. Tatjana Latvia Hampton by Hilton London Park Royal London From CAD 200.63 per night 8.2 Very good · 3,559 reviews Didn't expect much for the cheap price but I was well wrong. Beautiful room, breakfast one of the best I had in a hotel Close to the metro into London central. So convenient Definitely worth a stay and will be staying again O keeffe Ireland ibis London Blackfriars Southwark, London From CAD 271.94 per night 7.9 Good · 5,599 reviews Cheaper than a lot of budget hotels in London. 3 minute walk away from a train station, with a Nandos! Train station is on the Jubilee Line so the O2 Arena only 15 minutes away. Easy enough to walk to Londons attractions. Ross United Kingdom Goodwood Hotel Camden, London From CAD 153.68 per night 5.0 Average · 1,938 reviews This hotel was close to Euston Station and lots of London landmarks like the British Museum, and the hospital district. It was cheap for a short stay. Good wifi. Quiet. Excellent water pressure. Joshua Canada Fulham B&B Hammersmith and Fulham, London 9.8 Exceptional · 157 reviews This is the best place I’ve stayed in London (outside of 5* hotels). Antonia is super-welcoming/helpful. Room is very cozy and everything in its place. Homemade breakfast a delight. John Czech Republic Wilde Aparthotels by Staycity Covent Garden Westminster Borough, London From CAD 322.74 per night 9.0 Superb · 3,773 reviews Covent Garden is really the best place in London to stay as a tourist. Additionally the rooms are modern and the Hotel has air conditioning which is rare for England or London. Todd United States The Z Hotel Holborn Camden, London From CAD 256.14 per night 8.1 Very good · 14,453 reviews The location of the hotel is perfect given relatively cheap prices, very central London and less than 10mins walking distance to my office. Yuan United Kingdom Dao by Dorsett West London Hammersmith and Fulham, London From CAD 306.28 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,053 reviews EVERYTHING!! WE (Myself & 12 year old daughter) WILL USE THIS HOTEL & APARTMENTS AGAIN NEXT TIME WE ARE IN LONDON!! Lisa United Kingdom Andaz London Liverpool Street - a Concept by Hyatt City of London, London From CAD 524.23 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 822 reviews Best breakfast buffet of all hotels I have stayed in in London in wonderful surroundings. Ian United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Paris Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Paris, also popular with our guests! Hotels in Amsterdam Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in the United Kingdom Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Central London Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Kings Cross St Pancras Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. When to visit the United Kingdom Events, prices, the weather and more. Things to do in London Attractions, tours and more – how will you spend your time in London? Hotels near O2 Arena Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Hotels in England Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in London Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380,1870380|3,1871440,1847760|3,1833870,1870380|9,1847760,1846890,1866460