The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Galway, Ireland - Galway hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Galway Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Galway hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Ireland Galway County Galway Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Galway – 92 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Salthill Hotel Hotel in Salthill, Galway Overlooking the famous Salthill Promenade, Galway Bay and the Clare Hills, this elegant hotel features a 25-metre swimming pool, a whirlpool, and a large gym. Show more 8.2 Very good 2,991 reviews Price fromCAD 178.03per night Check availability The Connacht Hotel Hotel in Galway The Connacht Hotel is located close to Lough Atalia, 1.5 miles from the city centre. It boasts a leisure centre with a 20-metre pool, spacious rooms, free Wi-Fi, and free parking. Show more 8.3 Very good 3,388 reviews Price fromCAD 188.94per night Check availability Menlo Park Hotel Hotel in Galway Located in its own private grounds, this 4-star hotel offers spacious, elegant rooms. It is only 20 minutes’ walk from Galway’s centre and 5 minutes' walk from the nearest shopping centre. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 4,379 reviews Price fromCAD 153.79per night Check availability Maldron Hotel Sandy Road Galway Hotel in Galway Less than 20-minute walk from Galway city centre,, the modern 4-star Maldron Hotel Sandy Road Galway is located at Headford Point. 8.0 Very good 3,525 reviews Price fromCAD 168.43per night Check availability Wards Hotel Hotel in Salthill, Galway The friendly, warm and affordable Wards Hotel and Pub is located in the Lower Salthill area of Galway City. A 10-minute stroll will bring you to the city centre The family-run business is popular wit... Show more 7.2 Good 708 reviews Price fromCAD 161.11per night Check availability Glenlo Abbey Hotel Hotel in Galway Situated just 2 miles from Galway city centre, Glenlo Abbey Hotel & Estate offers 5-star accommodation, free parking, a golf course, and views of Lough Corrib and the dramatic West of Ireland... Show more 9.1 Superb 622 reviews Price fromCAD 423.28per night Check availability Flannery's Hotel Hotel in Galway Flannery’s Hotel features spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi, The Galwegian Restaurant and Frankie’s Bar & Bistro. There is free parking on site, and central Galway is 3.6 km away. Show more 8.1 Very good 5,984 reviews Price fromCAD 156.86per night Check availability The Huntsman Inn Hotel in Galway Situated just 5 minutes’ drive from Galway’s busy city centre, The Huntsman Inn offers free Wi-Fi and free private parking. Show more 8.4 Very good 1,493 reviews Price fromCAD 171.36per night Check availability The Victoria Hotel Hotel in Galway Here at The Victoria Hotel we are city centre located in Eyre Square Galway, next to the bus and train station. Show more 8.1 Very good 3,061 reviews Price fromCAD 165.58per night Check availability Galway Bay Hotel Conference & Leisure Centre Hotel in Salthill, Galway The award-winning, 4-star Galway Bay Hotel overlooks Galway Bay and is situated on Galway’s Blue Flag beach. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,532 reviews Price fromCAD 173.93per night Check availability See all 103 hotels in Galway Most booked hotels in Galway in the past month See all The Galmont Hotel & Spa Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 8.2 Very good · 3,518 reviews Leonardo Hotel Galway - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 8.2 Very good · 968 reviews Eyre Square Hotel Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 7.3 Good · 3,051 reviews The Connacht Hotel Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 8.3 Very good · 3,388 reviews Clayton Hotel Galway Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 7.8 Good · 4,477 reviews Maldron Hotel Sandy Road Galway Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 8.0 Very good · 3,526 reviews Imperial Hotel Galway Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 8.1 Very good · 4,948 reviews Flannery's Hotel Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 8.1 Very good · 5,987 reviews The Victoria Hotel Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 8.1 Very good · 3,056 reviews Travelodge Plus Galway Hotel in Galway Popular with guests booking hotels in Galway 8.1 Very good · 979 reviews Galway's best hotels with breakfast See all Harbour Hotel Hotel in Galway Breakfast options Situated on Galway's picturesque waterfront, Harbour Hotel offers modern rooms including, air-conditioning, free WiFi, bluetooth speakers and onsite car parking. Lovely modern hotel close to the olde town of Galway. Avg. price/night: CAD 210.25 8.5 Very good · 1,643 reviews Menlo Park Hotel Hotel in Galway Breakfast options Located in its own private grounds, this 4-star hotel offers spacious, elegant rooms. It is only 20 minutes’ walk from Galway’s centre and 5 minutes' walk from the nearest shopping centre. Extensive variety of at breakfast. Friendly and very obliging staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 153.79 8.7 Fabulous · 4,384 reviews The Connacht Hotel Hotel in Galway Breakfast options The Connacht Hotel is located close to Lough Atalia, 1.5 miles from the city centre. It boasts a leisure centre with a 20-metre pool, spacious rooms, free Wi-Fi, and free parking. It was very clean & a welcoming friendly hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 188.94 8.3 Very good · 3,388 reviews Galway Bay Hotel Conference & Leisure Centre Hotel in Salthill, Galway Breakfast options The award-winning, 4-star Galway Bay Hotel overlooks Galway Bay and is situated on Galway’s Blue Flag beach. Very comfortable. Lovely view food was excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 183.08 8.3 Very good · 1,531 reviews Salthill Hotel Hotel in Salthill, Galway Breakfast options Overlooking the famous Salthill Promenade, Galway Bay and the Clare Hills, this elegant hotel features a 25-metre swimming pool, a whirlpool, and a large gym. Room was very clean and spacious. Staff were friendly and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 209.44 8.2 Very good · 2,988 reviews Maldron Hotel Sandy Road Galway Hotel in Galway Breakfast options Less than 20-minute walk from Galway city centre,, the modern 4-star Maldron Hotel Sandy Road Galway is located at Headford Point. I like the Friendly staff, and how clean your hotel is. Avg. price/night: CAD 168.43 8.0 Very good · 3,526 reviews The g Hotel Hotel in Galway Breakfast options G, You Look Good to Me! An outstanding style icon on the west of Ireland hotel scene, Galway’s g Hotel has upped the style stakes even further in a dramatic one-million-euro refurbishment of its... Stylish, fun, modern, friendly staff, well appointed Avg. price/night: CAD 357.37 8.3 Very good · 1,812 reviews Imperial Hotel Galway Hotel in Galway Breakfast options At Eyre Square, the warm and comfortable Imperial Hotel in Galway city centre is close to Galway University NUIG and the bus and railway station. Great location helpful staff nice large triple room Avg. price/night: CAD 181.61 8.1 Very good · 4,948 reviews Budget hotels in Galway See all Travelodge Plus Galway Hotel in Galway Budget Hotel In the heart of Galway City, the Travelodge Plus Galway is just 10 minutes' walk from the Eyre Square and a 3-minute stroll from both the Greyhound Stadium and Connacht Rugby Stadium. The staff are extremely friendly And professional Avg. price/night: CAD 130.62 8.1 Very good · 979 reviews Thirteen On The Green - Eyre Square Hotel in Galway Budget Hotel Thirteen On The Green - Eyre Square is situated on the corner of Eyre Square in the heart of Galway city centre. The bus and train station are just a 2-minute walk away. Location, the staff, and the pub were all wonderful Avg. price/night: CAD 145 7.7 Good · 1,738 reviews The Huntsman Inn Hotel in Galway Budget Hotel Situated just 5 minutes’ drive from Galway’s busy city centre, The Huntsman Inn offers free Wi-Fi and free private parking. Location, parking and friendly staff- fabulous breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 190.40 8.4 Very good · 1,493 reviews Flannery's Hotel Hotel in Galway Budget Hotel Flannery’s Hotel features spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi, The Galwegian Restaurant and Frankie’s Bar & Bistro. There is free parking on site, and central Galway is 3.6 km away. Excellent staff v friendly and helpful food was beautiful Avg. price/night: CAD 174.29 8.1 Very good · 5,987 reviews The Galmont Hotel & Spa Hotel in Galway Budget Hotel The Galmont Hotel & Spa overlooks Galway Bay and is just 200 metres from Eyre Square. It has an award-winning restaurant, Spirit One Spa and Energize fitness and leisure. Everything… the staff the accommodation and the location Avg. price/night: CAD 216.77 8.2 Very good · 3,518 reviews Holiday Hotel Hotel in Salthill, Galway Budget Hotel Situated in the heart of Salthill, Holiday Hotel is close to the waterfront of Galway bay, and just 20 minutes’ walk from Galway centre. Room was clean & had TV n tea making facilities 7.3 Good · 1,466 reviews The Westwood Summer Accommodation Hotel in Galway Budget Hotel Situated in Galway, 2 km from National University of Galway, The Westwood Summer Accommodation features accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Very clean and everything is excellently organized 7.9 Good · 672 reviews Wards Hotel Hotel in Salthill, Galway Budget Hotel The friendly, warm and affordable Wards Hotel and Pub is located in the Lower Salthill area of Galway City. A 10-minute stroll will bring you to the city centre. It was a lovely room that suited me down to the ground. Avg. price/night: CAD 161.11 7.2 Good · 708 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Galway See all Park House Hotel Hotel in Galway Central location In central Galway, the Park House Hotel blends the warmth and personality of a boutique hotel with 4-star luxury. It offers an award-winning restaurant and air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi. Excellent location. Nice atmosphere. Good facilities. Avg. price/night: CAD 219.70 8.6 Fabulous · 1,589 reviews The Residence Hotel Hotel in Galway Central location The Residence Hotel is situated in Galway's entertainment neighbourhood and offers free WiFi. Everything was perfect great place and great staff Avg. price/night: CAD 225.55 8.6 Fabulous · 587 reviews The House Hotel, an Ascend Hotel Collection Member Hotel in Galway Central location In Galway’s historic Latin Quarter, The House is an elegant, 4-star hotel just off Quay Square and the Spanish Arch. A beautiful hotel, great location and very friendly and helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 203.58 8.2 Very good · 869 reviews Leonardo Hotel Galway - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Galway Central location Overlooking Galway Bay and situated on Quay Street, Leonardo Hotel Galway is a 2-minute walk from St. Nicholas' Collegiate Church. It offers a restaurant and a 24-hour reception. Excellent location and rooms look newly refurbished Avg. price/night: CAD 191.13 8.2 Very good · 968 reviews The Victoria Hotel Hotel in Galway Central location Here at The Victoria Hotel we are city centre located in Eyre Square Galway, next to the bus and train station. Brilliant location. Toiletries supplied in bathroom Avg. price/night: CAD 194.80 8.1 Very good · 3,056 reviews Clybaun Hotel Hotel in Salthill, Galway Central location The hotel is ideally located between the buzz of Galway city and the relaxed seaside resort of Salthill. Food was fab, room was great and staff were lovely Avg. price/night: CAD 188.94 8.0 Very good · 2,866 reviews Clayton Hotel Galway Hotel in Galway Central location This contemporary hotel with leisure facilities and free parking is located opposite Galway Racecourse, just outside Galway city. The manger Cillian super helpful and super friendly Avg. price/night: CAD 228.48 7.8 Good · 4,477 reviews Eyre Square Hotel Hotel in Galway Central location Right within the centre of Galway, the Eyre Square Hotel offers brightly furnished rooms with private bathrooms and free WiFi. Galway Cathedral is 10 minutes’ walk from the hotel. Perfect location for a solo traveller, lovely kind staff Avg. price/night: CAD 210.91 7.3 Good · 3,051 reviews FAQs about hotels in Galway How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Galway? On average, 3-star hotels in Galway cost CAD 255 per night, and 4-star hotels in Galway are CAD 287 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Galway can on average be found for CAD 426 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Galway for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 185 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Galway for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 207 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Galway will cost around CAD 268 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Galway are good for families? Many families visiting Galway loved staying at Glenlo Abbey Hotel, Skeffington Arms Hotel and Park House Hotel. What are the best hotels in Galway near Galway Clinic Private Hospital? Some of the best hotels in Galway near Galway Clinic Private Hospital include Seacrest, Almara House and Grange House B&B. What are the best hotels to stay in Galway? Glenlo Abbey Hotel, Skeffington Arms Hotel and Menlo Park Hotel are some of the popular hotels in Galway. What hotels in Galway offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Galway that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Menlo Park Hotel, HYDE Hotel and Park House Hotel. What hotels in Galway are good for couples? These hotels in Galway are highly rated by couples: Glenlo Abbey Hotel, Menlo Park Hotel and The Residence Hotel. What hotels in Galway have nice views? Glenlo Abbey Hotel, Salthill Hotel and Galway Bay Hotel Conference & Leisure Centre have received great reviews from travellers in Galway regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Cracking City of Craic Welcoming Galway is a small city with fantastic nightlife and an infectious atmosphere. Outside of the Galway Arts Festival, there’s still plenty of live music in the Irish pubs to get the party started. The Galway Races at Ballybrit Race Course west of Galway Airport attract a good crowd, as does Eyre Square, a green space with flags of previous ruling families who gave it its nickname - City of Tribes. To the south are cobbled streets housing brightly coloured shops and restaurants. Sights in Galway include its cathedral and city museum which offers an interesting insight into the history of the city and Ireland. Lynch’s Castle is the last remaining 17th-century merchant house, and the Spanish Arch is a small section of city walls by the Corrib River, linking Galway Bay to huge Loch Corrib. Where river and ocean meet is Claddagh Park, a great spot for a picnic with a view. Further around the coast is Salthill Promenade, home to Atlantaquaria, Ireland’s national aquarium, focussing on sealife off Irish shores. It’s a Christmas Day tradition to jump from Blackrock Diving Tower nearby into the icy Atlantic Ocean, though you may well spot some wag giving it a go. Booking.com has an excellent range of Galway hotels, apartments and B&Bs to complete your stay. Learn more about visiting Galway 30 attractions 23 points of interest 1 neighbourhood Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Galway City trip 16,258 reviews Sightseeing 3,213 reviews Food trip 11,751 reviews Romantic 4,395 reviews Shopping 4,050 reviews Theme Parks 135 reviews What guests said about Galway: 10 Great pubs shops atmosphere good parking near dicks always... Great pubs shops atmosphere good parking near dicks always good friendly people and helpful especially the kings head pub young bar man knew his history which was good 😁finnegans restaurant great prices and loved the old style ANNE 10 I absolutely love Galway, from the atmosphere, to the pubs... I absolutely love Galway, from the atmosphere, to the pubs and the shopping. We was there for the Christmas market and was absolutely brilliant! Would highly recommend Galway We stayed in Salthill right by the sea, beautiful scenery, and we had a fantastic breakfast and evening meal at an outstanding pub called O Reilly's bar, the staff was lovely and welcoming. Irish Celt United Kingdom 10 Galway is a beautiful, walkable city. Galway is a beautiful, walkable city. We took a day tour with Wild Atlantic Way Tours to Aran Islands and Cliffs of Moher from Eyre Square in Galway City centre. Very enjoyable day and the weather was perfect for October in Ireland...many pubs, coffee shops, shopping in the area. We went back next day and spent the day enjoying everything in front of us! Ron Canada 10 If you plan on a short trip, you'll want to come back. If you plan on a short trip, you'll want to come back. I live in Dublin so I've been to Galway 3 or 4 times as an adult and you never ever run out of things to do. Day trips are great if you're only around for a short while. My partner and I did the Kylemore Abbey/Cong tour of Connemara on the 2nd last day of a 4 day stay and it was absolutely worth the day. Plenty of stops along the way, food available at most. No amount of time would be enough to do it all, but the Aquarium and Barna Woods are great nature centred activities on bus routes from the city. McDonagh's Chipper comes highly recommended by tour guides, but there are few bad spots for food in the city, though some places are seasonal. Aindriú 8.0 Pubs and hotel bar could stay open a bit later Pubs and hotel bar could stay open a bit later Keoghs pub had excellent delicious bar food. If you go to a show in rousin dubh with any type of disability be prepared for 3 flights stair to the loo helena Ireland 10 We were just staying one night. We were just staying one night. Went into the town where there was plenty of shops and pubs to choose from, we enjoyed the walking around until it poured with rain then we headed back to the hotel as the cobblestone pavement was flooded and water was running off the shops blinds. All in all a good visit. LARAINE United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Galway See all The Residence Hotel Galway From CAD 225.55 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 587 reviews The staff was incredible - my mom is new to traveling and older, and they treated her with such kindness and care. Answered all her questions, and took care of her every need. Location was also phenomenal. Exactly where you would want to be. It is not the grand hotel experience that you might expect with a 4 star hotel in the sense it is smaller and boutique, but by far one of the best stays of our trip to Ireland. Amazing ambiance and local feel. Wonderful staff. Comfy and clean. Would recommend to anyone and will stay again! Dani United States St. Judes Lodge B&B Galway From CAD 219.70 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 2,139 reviews The location was amazing and the facilities were clean. 2 rooms with a double/single bed were cheaper than another hotel that was not close to the city center. We were able to leave our car on site even though we had checked out so we were able to spend extra time in Galway!!! The even let us leave our electronics in the office to give us piece of mind, rather than leave them in the car. Breakfast had good options. Jennifer United States Balcony House Galway 8.9 Fabulous · 1,008 reviews We had the absolute best time at the Balcony House! Teresa is the sweetest host - she made us feel so welcome and right at home in Galway. The homemade breakfast was amazing, the rooms and facilities were spotless, and it was the coziest place we stayed during our trip to Ireland. We absolutely adored it and would recommend to anyone looking for a switch up from a traditional hotel room experience. Anna United States Griffin Lodge Guesthouse Galway 8.9 Fabulous · 684 reviews Ann was the sweetest host we had so far. She is so funny, really enjoyed talking to her. Everything was more than perfect. Room was super comfy, shower worked perfectly fine, breakfast was the best we had im Ireland so far, she made us feel like home. And the location is just great. 10 minutes walk into the city centre. We were very sad we had to leave and will definitely come back ❤️ Sina Germany The Victoria Hotel Galway From CAD 194.80 per night 8.1 Very good · 3,056 reviews Pro - the location of the hotel is a very big plus. It’s directly next to Eyre Square where all the town busses start and it’s only a 3-4 minutes walk into the lovely city center of Galway. Even to the coach and train station it’s only a 5 minutes walk — ROOM - our room was quite big, the beds were comfortable and everything seemed clean Christoph Germany Park House Hotel Galway From CAD 219.70 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,589 reviews The location in the city center with parking was especially useful to make the best use of time during a short visit. The hotel itself was excellent as was the restaurant. The room was clean, comfortable and well supplied. Irish breakfast was great. The staff were faultless; efficient and friendly. Tom Lindsay United Kingdom Rockbarton House Hotel Salthill, Galway 7.1 Good · 496 reviews Very nice house hotel in beautiful area of Salthill. Near to the beach, about 45 minutes by foot to the city centre of Galway. We took the middle size room and it was pleasant for 2 people and 3 days. The facility was quite poor, but for 3 days completely fine. The best was very comfy large bed. Katerina Ireland Flannery's Hotel Galway From CAD 174.29 per night 8.1 Very good · 5,987 reviews The room was spacious, and clean with really comfortable beds. There was a coffee machine in the room, which was really appreciated. The hotel is not in the City center, but you could get there by bus within 10 mins. The breakfast had a nice selection and the stuff was friendly and helpful. Elisavet Germany Recently Renovated House in Heart of Galway City Galway From CAD 388.13 per night 8.3 Very good · 57 reviews The location was excellent. It is within walking distance of the city centre and also grocery stores. There were enough rooms to accomodate 5 adults and 2 children. The owner addressed a plumbing problem the very next day. Access to the house was easy and there was off-street parking. Griffin United States The Galmont Hotel & Spa Galway From CAD 216.77 per night 8.2 Very good · 3,518 reviews Everything! We had the chance to also use the hot tub outside the hotel. Amazing experience here, extremely well located as well, near bus and train station, walking distance from city center, about 10min max. Room extremely comfy! Fernando Augusto United Kingdom Red Door Townhouse Galway 7.5 Good · 115 reviews A short walk form the city center, clean and cozy. The room wasn't too big, but it was clean and cozy, same for the restroom. It was also cheaper than other similar accomodations, I would do it again. Giacomo Italy The Eyre Square Townhouse Galway From CAD 155.25 per night 8.3 Very good · 2,090 reviews Had good Air conditioning which most of the hotels in Ireland that we stayed at either didn’t or were very weak. Close to everything, was easy to walk to all the attractions in the city. Chris United States The Huntsman Inn Galway From CAD 190.40 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,493 reviews Room is quite big, as well as the bathroom Beds are very comfortable Hotel is not far from the city center but you need a car to go there (around 4 min by car) TP9 Portugal The Connacht Hotel Galway From CAD 188.94 per night 8.3 Very good · 3,388 reviews The hotel in itself is really nice and the staff is lovely. Location is very central and handy to be around the city center. alisha Ireland The Galmont Hotel & Spa Galway From CAD 216.77 per night 8.2 Very good · 3,518 reviews We travelled throughout Ireland for three weeks and this was by far the nicest hotel we stayed in while we were there. Stacey United States Thirteen On The Green - Eyre Square Galway From CAD 145 per night 7.7 Good · 1,738 reviews The location was perfect to be able to walk around the city centre. We were close to all pubs and shops. Jonniece United States The Lane - Boutique Residence Galway From CAD 143.68 per night 8.3 Very good · 2,227 reviews Hotel in a quiet neighborhood but still very close to city center and touristic area. Jacques Canada Menlo Park Hotel Galway From CAD 153.79 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 4,384 reviews Bus routes to the city center is easy. Hotel is clean,friendly and staff are helpful. Lennon Moonsamy South Africa The Victoria Hotel Galway From CAD 194.80 per night 8.1 Very good · 3,056 reviews Good and quiet location near the city Centre. Room was clean and cozy. Domagoj Croatia Eyre Square Hotel Galway From CAD 210.91 per night 7.3 Good · 3,051 reviews Location to city centre. Hotel staff, lobby and bar. Kathleen Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Galway Railway Station Book a hotel close to Galway Railway Station, perfect for easy access to local transport links. Hotels in Killarney Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Limerick Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels near Eyre Square Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Hotels in Westport Find more hotels in a city close to Westport. Hotels in Doolin Find more hotels in a city close to Doolin. Hotels in Dublin Take a look at hotels in Dublin and explore more of Ireland. Hotels in Cork Discover another destination in Ireland. Hotels in Galway County Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Galway Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1866460,1846890,1870380|7,1847760|3,1870380|3,1833870,1847760,1871440,1870380