The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Killarney, Ireland - Killarney hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Killarney Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Killarney hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Ireland Kerry Killarney Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Killarney – 150 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Killarney Plaza Hotel & Spa 4 stars Hotel in Killarney The 4-star Killarney Plaza Hotel overlooks Killarney National Park. It boasts a gourmet restaurant, an indoor pool and spa and limited free parking. St Mary’s Cathedral is a 5-minute walk away. margaret Ireland Everything about the hotel and location was perfect, thank you 😊 Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 2,890 reviews Price from CAD 205 per night Check availability The Brehon Hotel & Spa 4 stars Hotel in Killarney Boasting marble bathrooms and spacious rooms with mountain views, The Brehon Hotel & Spa overlooks Killarney National Park. Guests can relax in its luxurious Angsana Spa. Keith United Kingdom Staff, room, breakfast, location. A wonderful hotel. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,669 reviews Price from CAD 212 per night Check availability Killarney Avenue 4 stars Hotel in Killarney Overlooking the Golden Gates of Killarney National Park, the Jaunting Cars or the Surrounding area, the Classic King Room features a 5ft wide king-sized bed and Jacuzzi. Henning Germany Very good location, very good standard breakfast, access to sauna and pool/gym was great but you have to walk to the hotel next door. There are not enough parking spots so we parked our car 5 mins away, but its pay parking so be prepared. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 1,373 reviews Price from CAD 157 per night Check availability Castlerosse Park Resort 4 stars Hotel in Killarney With splendid views of lakes and mountains, our hotel is situated in its own parklands with a lakeside setting, 2 km away from Killarney town. The property offers free parking and free WiFi. Martin Ireland Very comfortable hotel, great food, lovely staff Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 573 reviews Check availability Loch Lein Country House 4 stars Hotel in Killarney This friendly and relaxed hotel has superb views over Killarney's Lower Lake and MacGillicuddy Reeks. It is a gateway to the Ring of Kerry on the shores of Loch Lein. Samuel Belgium Everything. Delightful house. Great host and staff. The dinner was an experience in itself. Only to be recommended. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 562 reviews Check availability Killeen House Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Killarney This charming country house hotel is in the famed Aghadoe area, just a 10-minute drive from Killarney town centre. Mary Ireland Everyone we met were so friendly and helpful. Jack the young manwho was in the bar was so smiley and helpful. One night a guest arrived late and Jack offered to take his luggage to his roomwhile he enjoyed a drink. Lovely hotel to stay in cant wait for next trip. Food georgous. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 355 reviews Price from CAD 160 per night Check availability Muckross Park Hotel & Spa 5 stars Hotel in Muckross, Killarney The luxurious 5-star Muckross Park Hotel and Spa is located in Killarney's National Park. virginia Australia Exceptional . Beautiful presentation 5 stairs.Fabulous hot tub and spa area. Wonderful breakfast . Outstanding service Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,100 reviews Price from CAD 363 per night Check availability The Lake Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Killarney Nestled on the shores of Loch Lein, The Lake Hotel has magnificent mountain views. Just 2km from Killarney, the hotel has en suite rooms, a restaurant and an outdoor hot tub. annabel Australia Amazing regal and a perfect spot on the lake surrounded by beautiful forest and a quaint town of Killarney The staff and the interior are amazing , my daughter and I had the perfect stay we loved our room , I get like a queen Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 2,112 reviews Price from CAD 245 per night Check availability The Victoria 4 stars Hotel in Killarney Overlooking Killarney's National Park, the The Victoria is close to the National Events Centre and one mile from Killarney town centre. It offers spacious rooms and full Irish breakfasts. Kerstin Austria The food and the service was excellent. The room was spacious and comfy. The staff were friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our stay there a lot. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 978 reviews Price from CAD 264 per night Check availability Cahernane House Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Killarney Immersed within its own parklands, this stunning 19th century country house is set on the edge of Killarney's National Park, only a 10-minute walk away from Killarney town centre. Sonia Bahrain A wonderful , historical property with fabulous grounds, friendly staff and lovely rooms and dining options! Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 346 reviews Price from CAD 277 per night Check availability See all 102 hotels in Killarney Cheapest time to stay in Killarney In January you can stay in Killarney for an average price of CA$170 per night CA$385CA$308CA$231CA$154CA$77CA$0 CA$170 Jan CA$197 Feb CA$208 Mar CA$238 Apr CA$252 May CA$288 Jun CA$282 Jul CA$300 Aug CA$239 Sep CA$220 Oct CA$205 Nov CA$241 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Killarney in the past month See all Killarney Court Hotel Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 8.1 Very good · 3,130 reviews Killarney Plaza Hotel & Spa Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 8.8 Fabulous · 2,890 reviews Killarney Randles Hotel Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 8.5 Very good · 2,100 reviews Killarney Towers Hotel & Leisure Centre Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 8.6 Fabulous · 3,801 reviews The Parkavon Hotel Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 7.9 Good · 1,961 reviews Hotel Killarney Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 8.0 Very good · 2,479 reviews Killarney Dromhall Hotel Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 8.8 Fabulous · 2,021 reviews Scott's Hotel Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 8.6 Fabulous · 2,281 reviews Killarney Avenue Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 8.8 Fabulous · 1,373 reviews Killarney Heights Hotel Hotel in Killarney Popular with guests booking hotels in Killarney 8.3 Very good · 1,550 reviews Killarney's best hotels with breakfast See all Killarney Avenue Hotel in Killarney Breakfast options Overlooking the Golden Gates of Killarney National Park, the Jaunting Cars or the Surrounding area, the Classic King Room features a 5ft wide king-sized bed and Jacuzzi. ll guests have complimentary... Location and food was excellent. Staff very helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 174.29 8.8 Fabulous · 1,373 reviews Killarney Plaza Hotel & Spa Hotel in Killarney Breakfast options The 4-star Killarney Plaza Hotel overlooks Killarney National Park. It boasts a gourmet restaurant, an indoor pool and spa and limited free parking. St Mary’s Cathedral is a 5-minute walk away. The layout was fab and so convient to everywhere 👌 Avg. price/night: CAD 205.05 8.8 Fabulous · 2,890 reviews Scott's Hotel Hotel in Killarney Breakfast options Scott’s Hotel is opposite Killarney Train & Bus Stations and just a 2-minute walk from the shopping district. It offers spacious rooms, 3 bars, a restaurant and free underground parking. Great location, free parking, awesome pub, big rooms. Avg. price/night: CAD 168.43 8.6 Fabulous · 2,281 reviews International Hotel Killarney Hotel in Killarney Breakfast options Guests can relax and unwind in this charming town centre hotel with free Wi-Fi. Delicious cooked-to-order breakfasts are served each day. class hotel and one of the best hotels in Killarney Avg. price/night: CAD 181.61 8.7 Fabulous · 683 reviews Torc Hotel Hotel in Killarney Breakfast options Torc Hotel offers views of Mangerton Mountain and is a 5-minute drive from Killarney. It offers free parking, cooked-to-order full Irish breakfasts and free WiFi. Excellent room and comfortable super king-size bed Avg. price/night: CAD 168.43 8.1 Very good · 415 reviews Hotel67 Hotel in Killarney Breakfast options Located in Killarney, 600 metres from INEC, Hotel67 provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Check in with michekla very friendly breakfast box Avg. price/night: CAD 190.40 7.9 Good · 136 reviews The Ross Hotel in Killarney Breakfast options The Ross is a family-owned boutique hotel which is situated in the south west of Ireland. Perfect location with great facilities and attentive team 9.3 Superb · 593 reviews The Europe Hotel & Resort Hotel in Killarney Breakfast options On the shores of Lough Lein overlooking 26,000 acres of National Parkland, the 5-star Europe Hotel & Resort boasts 180 spacious rooms and suites and a 50,000 sq. ft. luxury spa. The space, size, spa and food options were all great 9.6 Exceptional · 44 reviews Budget hotels in Killarney See all Kathleens Country House Hotel in Killarney Budget Hotel In lush private gardens, Kathleens Country House is just 3 km from Killarney town. Free WiFi and free parking are available. Everything about the property exceeded expectations Avg. price/night: CAD 175.76 8.6 Fabulous · 865 reviews The Parkavon Hotel Hotel in Killarney Budget Hotel The Parkavon Hotel Killarney is just a 10-minutes walk from Killarney centre and a 5-minutes’ walk from the INEC. Spacious, cosy bedroom. Friendly and helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 130.35 7.9 Good · 1,961 reviews Muckross Park Hotel & Spa Hotel in Killarney Budget Hotel The luxurious 5-star Muckross Park Hotel and Spa is located in Killarney's National Park. Friendly staff, great spa facilities and amazing food. 9.0 Superb · 1,100 reviews The Lake Hotel Hotel in Killarney Budget Hotel Nestled on the shores of Loch Lein, The Lake Hotel has magnificent mountain views. Just 2km from Killarney, the hotel has en suite rooms, a restaurant and an outdoor hot tub. Scenery was amazing, lovely atmosphere and friendly staff 9.2 Superb · 2,108 reviews The Victoria Hotel in Killarney Budget Hotel Overlooking Killarney's National Park, the The Victoria is close to the National Events Centre and one mile from Killarney town centre. It offers spacious rooms and full Irish breakfasts. The room are amazing would highly recommend fabulous 9.3 Superb · 978 reviews Cahernane House Hotel Hotel in Killarney Budget Hotel Immersed within its own parklands, this stunning 19th century country house is set on the edge of Killarney's National Park, only a 10-minute walk away from Killarney town centre. fabulous tranquil location, and beautiful trees and flowers, 9.1 Superb · 346 reviews Loch Lein Country House Hotel in Killarney Budget Hotel This friendly and relaxed hotel has superb views over Killarney's Lower Lake and MacGillicuddy Reeks. It is a gateway to the Ring of Kerry on the shores of Loch Lein. Lovely and quiet /very clean very nice breakfast 9.6 Exceptional · 562 reviews The Dunloe Hotel & Gardens Hotel in Killarney Budget Hotel The 5-star Dunloe Hotel & Gardens overlooks the Gap of Dunloe. It boasts a 25-metre pool, sauna, steam room, and indoor Nintendo Wii games room. Beautiful Hotel and location very friendly and helpful staff very clean. 9.1 Superb · 396 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Killarney See all Killarney Royal Hotel Hotel in Killarney Central location In the heart of the city, The Killarney Royal Hotel is 200 metres from Killarney Train Station. This boutique hotel has luxurious rooms, a fine dining restaurant and free Wi-Fi. Everything. The staff were super nice. The beds so comfy. Avg. price/night: CAD 219.70 8.9 Fabulous · 152 reviews Killeen House Hotel Hotel in Killarney Central location This charming country house hotel is in the famed Aghadoe area, just a 10-minute drive from Killarney town centre. Everything, the food, the location the room, the staff 8.9 Fabulous · 355 reviews McSweeney Arms Hotel Hotel in Killarney Central location In the heart of Killarney's town centre, this family-run hotel offers charming accommodation, great food and exceptional service. The McSweeney Arms Hotel is a landmark in Killarney. Close to the centre , friendly staff and good food 8.8 Fabulous · 518 reviews Great Southern Killarney Hotel in Killarney Central location From its distinctive architecture to its effortless service and genuine hospitality, Great Southern Killarney has been a favourite retreat for over 160 years. room was amazing everything was perfect from time we arrived Avg. price/night: CAD 272.42 8.7 Fabulous · 313 reviews Arbutus Hotel Hotel in Killarney Central location Situated in the heart of Killarney, the historic Arbutus Hotel has been run by the same family for over 86 years. This hotel offers free WiFi in public areas. The property was old style, very relaxed and homely 8.7 Fabulous · 697 reviews Killarney Oaks Hotel Hotel in Killarney Central location Overlooking Mangerton Mountain and The National Park, The Killarney Oaks is on the edge of Killarney National Park and just 5 minutes' walk from the INEC. Peace and quietist hotel iv stayed in beautiful all round 8.3 Very good · 1,132 reviews Castlerosse Park Resort Hotel in Killarney Central location With splendid views of lakes and mountains, our hotel is situated in its own parklands with a lakeside setting, 2 km away from Killarney town. The property offers free parking and free WiFi. The location, the view from the restaurant, the friendly staff. 8.2 Very good · 573 reviews Failte Hotel Hotel in Killarney Central location With a lively traditional Irish pub and an award-winning restaurant, Failte Hotel is also offers free WiFi access for all guests. Breakfast extra but very nice lovely girl served us Avg. price/night: CAD 175.76 8.1 Very good · 875 reviews FAQs about hotels in Killarney How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Killarney? On average, 3-star hotels in Killarney cost CAD 209 per night, and 4-star hotels in Killarney are CAD 272 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Killarney can on average be found for CAD 483 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Killarney for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Killarney this weekend is CAD 272 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 337. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Killarney for this weekend cost on average around CAD 453 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Killarney for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 164 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Killarney for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 256 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Killarney will cost around CAD 391 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Killarney are good for families? Many families visiting Killarney loved staying at Loch Lein Country House, The Killarney Park and The Victoria. What are the best hotels in Killarney near INEC? Some of the best hotels in Killarney near INEC include The Victoria, Cahernane House Hotel and The Brehon Hotel & Spa. What are the best hotels to stay in Killarney? The Lake Hotel, Muckross Park Hotel & Spa and The Brehon Hotel & Spa are some of the popular hotels in Killarney. What hotels in Killarney offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Killarney that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Europe Hotel & Resort, The Victoria and The Ross. What hotels in Killarney are good for couples? These hotels in Killarney are highly rated by couples: The Europe Hotel & Resort, Loch Lein Country House and The Killarney Park. What hotels in Killarney have nice views? The Europe Hotel & Resort, The Killarney Park and The Dunloe Hotel & Gardens have received great reviews from travellers in Killarney regarding the views from their hotel rooms. The Lily of the Lake Overlooking the tranquil waters of Lough Leane, colourful Killarney is a top Irish tourist destination. The UNESCO-listed Killarney National Park surrounds Muckross House, a stately home sitting in large grounds with a traditional farm. A tree-lined lane leads to Muckross Abbey, a former Franciscan monastery whose cloisters enclose a tall yew tree. Celtic crosses line the cemetery and beyond is the lake, at the centre of which is a tree-lined outcrop, home of the historic Ross Castle. This 15th-century stone fortress once housed the O’Donoghue clan, one of whom reportedly lives at the bottom of the lough. More legends envelop the Ring of Kerry – a scenic drive starting from Killarney and supposedly the last place to spot a leprechaun. Gushing Torc waterfall is just one of its fantastic sights. In Killarney itself, horse-drawn carts roam narrow streets whose Irish pubs offer great nightlife. Impressive St Mary’s Cathedral has a towering spire and somewhat dark interior. The local gaelic football team play at Fitzgerald Stadium, and more sports can be enjoyed at Killarney riding stables and the nearby golf and fishing club. There is also a popular racecourse. Accommodation in Killarney on Booking.com includes 5-star lakeside hotels, B&Bs near the train station and town centre guest houses. All with that trademark Irish hospitality. Learn more about visiting Killarney 19 attractions 11 points of interest 3 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Killarney Boating 300 reviews Castles 593 reviews Forests 68 reviews Lakes 912 reviews Great outdoors 650 reviews Relax in nature 1,204 reviews What guests said about Killarney: 10 Killarney is a beautiful town, and it's best to visit... Killarney is a beautiful town, and it's best to visit outside of tourist season. We enjoyed the parks and the shopping area, and the whole town is easy to walk about. We rented a car to drive around the Ring of Kerry, and I would have taken more than one day to drive it, or would have taken a bus just to hit the highlights. Elizabeth United States 10 Killarney and the surrounding areas are picturesque. Killarney and the surrounding areas are picturesque. We have been travelling to Killarney for many years and can honestly say that County Kerry is one of the most beautiful areas in Ireland. There are many places to visit as well as many restaurants for all ages. Angela United Kingdom 10 The town itself is quite touristy which was positive in that... The town itself is quite touristy which was positive in that it was still lively in late October, but perhaps doesn't offer an authentic Irish experience! However, it’s great fun, with lots of shops and pubs and bars to visit. The best bit of Killarney though is the wonderful National Park which is right next to the town centre. It is home to red and Japanese Sika deer, it has lakes and castles and walking trails for all abilities. Definitely worth a look! The town is also a great base for exploring the Ring of Kerry, and the Beara and the Dingle Peninsulas. Suzy United Kingdom 10 Plenty to do and see. Plenty to do and see. From Hill walking/hiking, horse riding, kayaking, boat trips, golf, of course, deer rutting, national park, sight seeing, fantastic restaurants, quaint to fancy pubs, shopping or just lazing around and sipping coffee/tea and people watching etc, You name it they have it! NOT TO MENTION THE "JARVIS" and their stories. anne Ireland 10 Killarney is such a special place. Killarney is such a special place. The views are amazing and it's a short walk to the National Park. Situated in a beautiful location, the town has many restaurants, bars and traditional Irish pubs. We had lunch in J.M Reidy, a charming traditional pub, with historical items all over the walls. At the back there is a labyrinth of other bars and eating spaces. There are plenty of high street shops including Pennies (Primark), Poundland, Pharmacy etc. quite a few souvenir shops too which are perfect to pick up gifts for the family. The people are so welcoming and friendly. Highly recommend for a short getaway. Easy to navigate the streets and there are affordable taxi companies if you need to go a little further out. Victoria United Kingdom 10 I spent 3 nights in Killarney. I spent 3 nights in Killarney. Had some free time the day I arrived so visited the grounds at Muckross House which are stunning. The next 2 days were tours, Gap of Dunloe and the Ring of Kerry, both with Dero's and both brilliant. Gorgeous Celtic Jewellery at McCormacks on Main Street, Lucy was so helpful and the prices very reasonable. There is so much more I would have liked to have seen but sadly had to move on. Karen McCormack Australia Explore guest reviews of hotels in Killarney See all Killarney Dromhall Hotel Hotel in Killarney From CAD 145 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,023 reviews The room was cozy and the location was excellent - especially if you like easy access to live music and pubs. The hotel had a fabulous bar and several fantastic restaurants. We has several outstanding meals there. The town itself was among my favorites on our drive around the perimeter of Ireland, during which we stopped at 8 or 9 different towns/hotels. Be sure to visit Muckross House and take the Jaunty horse/carriage ride. It's worth the price. Oh, bonus! There's a little outdoor laundry mat next door to the hotel. Show more Show less GwenGJones United States The Brehon Hotel & Spa Hotel in Killarney From CAD 212 per night 9.0 Superb 1,669 reviews We brought my in laws to Ireland as a Christmas present and all was well until my father in laws health took a bad turn and he was having a difficult time walking. The Brehon staff quickly acquired a wheel chair that we were given free use of for several days. His ability to walk has returned for the present and we were very lucky to have such accommodating staff and such a magnificent hotel. The spa was absolutely magnificent and the food and service at the bar was stellar. Show more Show less Mike United States Killarney Randles Hotel Hotel in Killarney From CAD 145 per night 8.5 Very good 2,103 reviews The property had beautiful classic interior. The common room was my personal favourite, the fire being lit every night was a nice touch. The staff are so friendly and welcoming (special shout out to Marie at reception who was particularly super helpful throughout our stay). The facilities i.e., common room, breakfast, outside area etc., were amazing, and the free parking made our lives much easier. The hotel is in close vicinity to the town centre which was very handy. Show more Show less Zaidat Ireland Earls Court House Killarney 9.0 Superb 2,257 reviews Earls Court is by far the best hotel in which I have stayed in the more than 30 days I have travels in Ireland in my lifetime. The staff, the location and most of the amenities were excellent. Emer and her staff provided top quality service and treated every person as a guest, not as a customer. Our room, the The Kennelly Suite was by far the biggest hotel room I have ever stayed. I really appreciated the Jacuzzi tub after long days of walking the Irish countryside. Show more Show less Matthew United States The Victoria Hotel in Killarney From CAD 264 per night 9.3 Superb 978 reviews The Victoria was amazing. The beds were SOOOOO comfortable and cozy!! Maura (check-in staff) and Sheila (breakfast service staff) deserve raises!! Donal (Donald), the night porter, was lovely. The Ivy Restaurant has the best fish & chips in Ireland. We know, because we have tried them everywhere. Quiet location - a bit out of town but closer to the Muckross House/Abbey. Show more Show less Sarichia United States Hotel Killarney Hotel in Killarney From CAD 233 per night 8.0 Very good 2,479 reviews On arrival the staff very welcoming and helpful, the hotel was highly clean and inviting, the room was ideal,spacious and extremely comfotable,and more then i expected for price. The meals were exceptional especially thecbreakfast inclusive. The amenities and club vitae were of very good to hight standard and it was close to town centre a 5 min taxi at most. Very satisfied Show more Show less Wayne Ireland Killarney Plaza Hotel & Spa Hotel in Killarney From CAD 205 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,890 reviews Should be a five star hotel! The staff are incredibly kind and helpful and will definitely take care of you, genuinely lovely people! Rooms are always immaculate, lovely facilities and the beds are extremely comfortable. Amazing location, being right on top of the town centre. If you’re planning on staying in a hotel in Killarney, make sure it’s this one! Show more Show less Roberts Killarney View House B&B Killarney From CAD 205 per night 6.9 Review score 517 reviews Staff are amazing: friendly, helpful! Location could not be better! Right at the Flesk Bridge, 10 minutes walk from town centre (so no need to drive to get dinner), close to the national park. Breakfast room overlooks the river, breakfast has the best view!! Show more Show less AngelaKru Ireland Killarney Court Hotel Hotel in Killarney From CAD 138 per night 8.1 Very good 3,131 reviews Nice hotel with nice rooms with friendly staff. A 10 or 15 min walk to Killarney town centre. Located near a road and roundabout that was busy at times. Totally satisfactory Hotel at a reasonable price to stay while visiting Killarney. Show more Show less Bradley Singapore International Hotel Killarney Hotel in Killarney From CAD 167 per night 8.7 Fabulous 683 reviews Beautiful, Grand Tour decor. Ideal location in the heart of Killarney, with easy access (4km) to Muckross and Ross castle. Scrupulously clean. The staff are unfailingly friendly and helpful. Arguably one of the nicest hotels in Ireland. Show more Show less Sean United States The Parkavon Hotel Hotel in Killarney From CAD 130 per night 7.9 Good 1,965 reviews We enjoyed our stay at this hotel . staff very friendly hotel comfortable and clean also Covid 19 restrictions enforced so hotel felt safe at all times .Great location and short distance to town centre .we will be back . Show more Show less Jackie Ireland The Lake Hotel Hotel in Killarney From CAD 245 per night 9.2 Superb 2,112 reviews Out of all our hotels on our recent trip to Ireland The Lake Hotel was our favorite! The facilities were gorgeous, relaxing, and so inviting! We will definitely be planning our next trip around a stay here in the future! Show more Show less Ashley United States Muckross Park Hotel & Spa Hotel in Killarney From CAD 363 per night 9.0 Superb 1,100 reviews The Yew Tree Restaurant was excellent. Staff were very friendly and on top of their game. The proximity to the National Park and Muckross House while away from the town centre was a real plus. Show more Show less David Ireland Algret House B&B Killarney 9.6 Exceptional 648 reviews The property is convenient to the town centre, a very short walk to be sure. It is also convenient to Killarney National Park and the start of the Ring of Kerry Drive (clockwise direction). Show more Show less Anonymous Canada Park Place Apartments Killarney From CAD 270 per night 9.0 Superb 2,125 reviews Killarney was a favorite destination in our travels on Ireland and the apartment was located near the city center making restaurants/pubs, shops and walking around exploring easy. Show more Show less Susan United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Dingle Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Dingle, not too far from Killarney. Hotels in Kenmare Find more hotels in a city close to Kenmare. Hotels in Kerry Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Ring of Kerry Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. B&Bs in Killarney More great accommodation options for your trip. Guest Houses in Killarney More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Killarney Explore more great accommodation options in Killarney, starting with budget hotels. Hotels near Killarney Railway Station Perfect for local transport links. Car hire in Killarney Hire a car and hit the road. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Killarney Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|7,1847760|3,1847760,1870380|3,1833870,1866460,1870380,1871440,1846890