The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Brisbane, Australia - Brisbane hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Brisbane Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Brisbane hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Australia Queensland Brisbane Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Brisbane – 848 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Meriton Suites Herschel Street, Brisbane 5 stars Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Just 100 metres from the Brisbane River, Meriton Suites Herschel Street, Brisbane offer modern self-contained accommodation with a flat-screen TV. Guests enjoy unlimited free WiFi at the property. AJAY United Kingdom Exit to Roma St opposite direction to Roma Parkland St and look up tallest building with Merton-simple. The lifts don’t have buttons to the floor and you use your keycard before entering. Immaculate Apartment, great size, everything looks brand new and they have a directory of how to operate all the equipment. Comfy bed. Great staff. My first Merton S. stay-fantastic. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 5,562 reviews Price from CAD 137 per night Check availability Great Southern Hotel Brisbane 4 stars Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane The Great Southern Hotel Brisbane offers a variety of standard and superior rooms in the heart of Brisbane's CBD (Central Business District). Ronald United States great location; easy to walk to ferry, bus or train stations; easy to take air train to central station. mall and lots of shops and eats nearby. Show more Show less 7.3 Good 3,185 reviews Price from CAD 140 per night Check availability Crystalbrook Vincent 5 stars Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Crystalbrook Vincent has a restaurant, outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and bar in Brisbane. Patrick Australia A spacious and well appointed room with a great view of the river. Fantastic location for restaurants and riverside walks. A very laid back ambience and friendly efficient staff. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 2,239 reviews Price from CAD 254 per night Check availability The Constance Fortitude Valley 4 stars Hotel in Fortitude Valley, Brisbane Located in the cultural centre of Fortitude Valley, The Constance features rooms with unique street art interiors. All include free WiFi and satellite TV. Maria Australia a very funky boutique hotel .Excellent . great location Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 2,142 reviews Price from CAD 178 per night Check availability Eatons Hill Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Brisbane Offering modern accommodation with a fitness centre and indoor pool, Eatons Hill Hotel is set in Brisbane in the Queensland Region, 15 km from Brisbane Entertainment Centre. Grant New Zealand Spacious corner suite. Perfect little kitchenette in the corner suite. Good sized comfortable bed. Excellent that the TV easily accommodates a Chrome Cast with WiFI. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 1,757 reviews Price from CAD 178 per night Check availability Four Points by Sheraton Brisbane 4 stars Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Located 500 metres from Eagle Street Pier Ferry Terminal and Queen Street Mall, Four Points by Sheraton Brisbane offers a restaurant and a fitness centre. Chao United States Customers ￼ and staff was really nice and friendly. Show more Show less 8 Very good 1,154 reviews Price from CAD 170 per night Check availability The Point Brisbane Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Kangaroo Point, Brisbane The Point Brisbane is located at Kangaroo Point with views of Brisbane River and the city. It is a 5-minute drive from The Gabba. A free weekday shuttle takes guests to the local City Hopper terminal.... James Australia I let the team at The Point know that we were staying for my partners 25th birthday and they went above and beyond in giving us a great room and a birthday gift left on the bed, making both of us really pleased with the level of service. Fantastic facilities, friendly staff, easy access to car park and room, excellent privacy, great experience. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 1,495 reviews Price from CAD 187 per night Check availability Airport International Motel Brisbane 4 stars Hotel in Hamilton, Brisbane Airport International Motel Brisbane is only 10 minutes’ drive from both Brisbane Airport and Brisbane city centre. Free WiFi, free car parking and free guest laundry facilities are available. Ann United States Great location - walking distance to nice restaurants, close to airport and cruise terminal. Big room with table and microwave if you wanted to eat in, free laundry available. Show more Show less 7.5 Good 1,035 reviews Price from CAD 166 per night Check availability Nightcap at Chardons Corner Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Annerley, Brisbane Located within 3km of University of Queensland - St Lucia in the Brisbane suburb of Annerley, Nightcap at Chardons Corner Hotel offers 19 recently renovated rooms catering for leisure and corporate... Nicole Australia Great location close by awesome cafes and restaurants lovely staff and exceptional room service Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 995 reviews Price from CAD 125 per night Check availability Selina Brisbane 3.5 stars Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Situated in Brisbane's CBD (Central Business District), Selina Brisbane is ideally located directly opposite the Roma Street Transit Centre. Yee Herng Malaysia The bed was comfy and the location is great. You could get everything you need within 15 minutes walking distance. The staff were also super friendly. Show more Show less 8 Very good 1,060 reviews Price from CAD 68 per night Check availability See all 313 hotels in Brisbane Cheapest time to stay in Brisbane In July you can stay in Brisbane for an average price of CA$163 per night CA$231CA$185CA$138CA$92CA$46CA$0 CA$169 Jan CA$175 Feb CA$171 Mar CA$170 Apr CA$178 May CA$166 Jun CA$163 Jul CA$165 Aug CA$171 Sep CA$164 Oct CA$165 Nov CA$168 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Brisbane in the past month See all ibis Brisbane Airport Hotel in Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 8.4 Very good · 11,263 reviews Stamford Plaza Brisbane Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 8.2 Very good · 4,663 reviews Meriton Suites Herschel Street, Brisbane Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 8.5 Very good · 5,561 reviews Amora Hotel Brisbane Hotel in Spring Hill, Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 8.2 Very good · 4,134 reviews George Williams Hotel Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 7.8 Good · 5,302 reviews Meriton Suites Adelaide Street, Brisbane Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 8.2 Very good · 4,566 reviews Royal On The Park Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 8.6 Fabulous · 8,693 reviews ibis Styles Brisbane Elizabeth Street Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 8.3 Very good · 3,751 reviews ibis Budget Brisbane Airport Hotel in Hendra, Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 6.1 Pleasant · 3,163 reviews The Constance Fortitude Valley Hotel in Fortitude Valley, Brisbane Popular with guests booking hotels in Brisbane 8.1 Very good · 2,142 reviews Brisbane's best hotels with breakfast See all Pullman Brisbane Airport Hotel in Brisbane Breakfast options Offering guests a 5-star luxury escape within the heart of the Brisbane Airport precinct, 16 km from Brisbane CBD (Central Business District), Pullman Brisbane Airport features a year-round outdoor... Food from the restaurant. Convinence to the airport Avg. price/night: CAD 277.17 8.8 Fabulous · 3,145 reviews ibis Brisbane Airport Hotel in Brisbane Breakfast options Situated 7 km from Brisbane Entertainment Centre, ibis Brisbane Airport in Brisbane features a bar, an on-site restaurant and views of Moreton Bay and Brisbane's surrounds. Left early in the morning so didn’t have breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 241.29 8.4 Very good · 11,263 reviews Holiday Inn Express Brisbane Central, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Spring Hill, Brisbane Breakfast options Ideally located on the border of the Brisbane Central Business District (CBD) and Spring Hill, Holiday Inn Express Brisbane Central is close to the city's business, retail, entertainment and leisure... The room was great as well as the laundry service. Avg. price/night: CAD 159.66 8.3 Very good · 2,593 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Brisbane South Bank Hotel in South Brisbane, Brisbane Breakfast options Situated 5 minutes' walk from Brisbane River and South Bank Parklands, Courtyard by Marriott Brisbane South Bank boasts stylish rooms with free WiFi. Bed was very comfortable. The curtains blacked out. Avg. price/night: CAD 213.48 8.5 Very good · 1,980 reviews Kennigo Hotel Brisbane, Independent Collection by EVT Hotel in Spring Hill, Brisbane Breakfast options Ideally located to explore the best of Brisbane, Kennigo Hotel Brisbane, Independent Collection by EVT is situated in the historic suburb of Spring Hill, just 2 km from the heart of the CBD. friendly and helpful staff. great rooms and location Avg. price/night: CAD 160.65 8.2 Very good · 2,109 reviews ibis Styles Brisbane Elizabeth Street Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Breakfast options ibis Styles Brisbane Elizabeth Street is set in Brisbane, 100 metres from Treasury Building - Casino and 1.8 km from Suncorp Stadium. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Rooms have a TV. Lare room size. Breakfasts. Allowed early check-in. Avg. price/night: CAD 148.90 8.3 Very good · 3,751 reviews Rydges Fortitude Valley Hotel in Bowen Hills, Brisbane Breakfast options Offering an outdoor pool and an onsite bar, Rydges Fortitude Valley is ideally positioned in the lively heart of the Brisbane Showgrounds precinct, only a short walk from the Royal International... Staff were excellent and super friendly and welcoming Avg. price/night: CAD 209 8.5 Very good · 1,373 reviews Hyatt Regency Brisbane Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Breakfast options Located opposite Queen Street Mall in Brisbane's CBD (Central Business District), Hyatt Regency Brisbane boasts a restaurant, a fitness centre and a rooftop swimming pool with a pool-side bar. It is always very comfortable. Handy to everything. Avg. price/night: CAD 189.71 8.2 Very good · 2,508 reviews Budget hotels in Brisbane See all Salisbury Hotel Motel Hotel in Brisbane Budget Hotel Salisbury Hotel Motel is set in Brisbane, within 8.3 km of Boggo Road Gaol and 10 km of Southbank Station. Everything about the place was amazing highly recommended. Avg. price/night: CAD 156.97 8.0 Very good · 676 reviews ibis budget Windsor Brisbane Hotel in Windsor, Brisbane Budget Hotel The ibis budget Windsor Brisbane is located just 1.2 km from RNA Showgrounds and 10 km from Brisbane Airport. Great location ,comfortable beds ,affordable price. Avg. price/night: CAD 132.75 6.1 Pleasant · 1,213 reviews Sunnybank Hotel Brisbane Hotel in Brisbane Budget Hotel Just across the street from Sunnybank Plaza with over 130 stores, Sunnybank Hotel Brisbane offers simple motel accommodation featuring an on-site bottle shop and a bistro. The bistro has awesome meals, located close to the nissan arena Avg. price/night: CAD 115.71 7.3 Good · 1,009 reviews The Waterloo Bay Hotel Hotel in Brisbane Budget Hotel The Waterloo Bay Hotel features a restaurant, a sports bar and free on-site parking. It is a 5-minute drive from Wynnum Central Train Station and 3 km from Manly Boat Harbour. Great, clean place with good food in the restaurant. Avg. price/night: CAD 124.68 7.4 Good · 1,433 reviews ibis Budget Brisbane Airport Hotel in Hendra, Brisbane Budget Hotel Just 5 minutes’ drive from Brisbane Airport, ibis Budget Brisbane Airport offers air-conditioned accommodation with free parking. Accessed via stairs only, all rooms have a TV and a private bathroom. Very comfortable bed and very convenient location. Avg. price/night: CAD 152.49 6.1 Pleasant · 3,163 reviews George Williams Hotel Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Budget Hotel George Williams Hotel is located in the heart of the Brisbane CBD (Central Business District), just a 5-minute walk from Roma Street Train Station, Treasury Casino and the shops and boutiques of the... Very well situated and the Cafe downstairs is nice. Avg. price/night: CAD 135.32 7.8 Good · 5,302 reviews Mercure Brisbane Garden City Hotel in Brisbane Budget Hotel Just 12 kilometres from Brisbane CBD, the newly refurbished Mercure Brisbane Garden City is in the heart of South Brisbane and on the doorstep of Westfield Garden City Shopping Centre. Quiet location close to shops and quite close to CBD Avg. price/night: CAD 135.49 7.4 Good · 1,436 reviews Madison Tower Mill Hotel Hotel in Spring Hill, Brisbane Budget Hotel Featuring rooms with free WiFi and beautiful views, the comfortable Madison Tower Mill Hotel is located close to the city centre, the medical district, historic attractions and conference venues. I enjoy the close proximity to the city / family . Avg. price/night: CAD 124.68 7.1 Good · 2,482 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Brisbane See all The Calile Hotel Hotel in Fortitude Valley, Brisbane Central location Located in the city of Brisbane, with direct access to restaurants, shopping and bars, The Calile Hotel features an outdoor pool, fitness centre and spa facilities. Clean, funky, different, great food and staff super good Avg. price/night: CAD 498.80 9.2 Superb · 1,064 reviews Il Mondo Boutique Hotel Hotel in Kangaroo Point, Brisbane Central location Just 150 metres from the CityCat and CityFerry, the Il Mondo Boutique Hotel offers free private parking on site. Great location and very clean and comfortable hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 268.20 8.9 Fabulous · 629 reviews Spicers Balfour Hotel Hotel in New Farm, Brisbane Central location Located in the fashionable suburb of New Farm, Spicers Balfour Hotel is an award-winning boutique hotel just 7 minutes’ from the Brisbane city centre. Great location…easy access to Howard Smith Wharves. Avg. price/night: CAD 286.14 8.9 Fabulous · 273 reviews Eatons Hill Hotel Hotel in Brisbane Central location Offering modern accommodation with a fitness centre and indoor pool, Eatons Hill Hotel is set in Brisbane in the Queensland Region, 15 km from Brisbane Entertainment Centre. Coziness & very accessible to shops except malls Avg. price/night: CAD 178.50 8.9 Fabulous · 1,758 reviews Hotel Indigo Brisbane City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Central location Located in the heart of the Brisbane CBD (Central Business District), Hotel Indigo Brisbane Centre offers air-conditioned rooms. Queen Street Mall and Roma Street are just 5 minutes’ walk away. Everything. Great location and lovely, clean room. Avg. price/night: CAD 197.47 8.8 Fabulous · 1,441 reviews Royal Albert Hotel Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Central location Royal Albert Boutique Hotel offers spacious accommodation with 24-hour reception in the heart of Brisbane CBD (Central Business District). I love the size of the rooms and the facilities are excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 199.13 8.8 Fabulous · 3,065 reviews The Westin Brisbane Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Central location Boasting an outdoor swimming pool, 24-hour fitness centre and spa facilities, The Westin Brisbane is located in the heart of Brisbane CBD, surrounded by a variety of restaurants, cafes, shopping and... Loved Settimo, amazing food great staff and service. Avg. price/night: CAD 322.02 8.8 Fabulous · 716 reviews Treasury Brisbane Hotel in Brisbane CBD, Brisbane Central location The award-winning Treasury Casino & Hotel boasts luxurious rooms and suites offering old-world charm and modern comforts such as free WiFi. The room was amazing bed was extremely comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 242.19 8.7 Fabulous · 2,398 reviews FAQs about hotels in Brisbane How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Brisbane? On average, 3-star hotels in Brisbane cost CAD 138 per night, and 4-star hotels in Brisbane are CAD 198 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Brisbane can on average be found for CAD 316 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Brisbane for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Brisbane this weekend is CAD 192 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 294. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Brisbane for this weekend cost on average around CAD 420 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Brisbane for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 172 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Brisbane for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 289 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Brisbane will cost around CAD 363 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Brisbane are good for families? Many families visiting Brisbane loved staying at The Calile Hotel, Spicers Balfour Hotel and Emporium Hotel South Bank. What are the best hotels in Brisbane near Brisbane Entertainment Centre? Some of the best hotels in Brisbane near Brisbane Entertainment Centre include Brisbane International Virginia, Ingenia Holidays Taigum (Formerly Colonial Village) and Modern Pool Oasis & Seaside Abode. What are the best hotels in Brisbane near Brisbane Airport? Travellers who stayed in Brisbane near Brisbane Airport (BNE) have said good things about Pullman Brisbane Airport, ibis Brisbane Airport and Novotel Brisbane Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Brisbane? Emporium Hotel South Bank, The Calile Hotel and Jephson Hotel & Apartments are some of the popular hotels in Brisbane. What hotels in Brisbane offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Brisbane that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Comfort Inn North Brisbane, Glen Hotel and Suites and Hotel Indigo Brisbane City Centre, an IHG Hotel. What hotels in Brisbane are good for couples? These hotels in Brisbane are highly rated by couples: The Brook by Nightcap Plus, The Calile Hotel and Emporium Hotel South Bank. What hotels in Brisbane have nice views? W Brisbane, Emporium Hotel South Bank and Brisbane Marriott Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Brisbane regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Sun-Drenched and Leafy At the meeting point of Australia’s Sunshine Coast and Gold Coast, laidback Brisbane is spread around the meandering river running through it. The river’s arty South Bank is home to Australia’s largest modern art gallery, tranquil gardens and an artificial beach. Just opposite is the towering skyline of Brisbane's CBD, where many hotels in Brisbane city centre are located. Nearby are the botanic gardens and Queen Street Mall, the most popular Brisbane shopping spot. More shopping centres are found all over the city, and the out-of-town malls include one in the Indooroopilly suburb by the foothills of Mount Coot-tha. This green hill offers fabulous city views and has a planetarium, nature reserve and yet more botanic gardens. In Lone Pine Koala Sanctuary to the south you can hug one of the loveable animals, while Australia Zoo – Steve Irwin’s legacy – is a good day trip. Brisbane is a very leafy city and one of its parks – Wickham Park – contains the Old Windmill, Brisbane’s oldest building. To the north-east, the Fortitude Valley suburb is known for its vibrant music scene and Chinatown. Across the river in Woolloongabba is The Gabba or Brisbane Cricket Ground, and nearby is the bohemian West End district. As well as central accommodation, Booking.com also offers hotels near Brisbane Airport in a north-eastern coastal suburb. Learn more about visiting Brisbane 71 attractions 76 points of interest 32 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Brisbane Road trip 431 reviews Casinos 274 reviews Romantic 4,805 reviews Family-friendly 1,574 reviews Shopping 5,666 reviews Theme Parks 291 reviews What guests said about Brisbane: 10 On the edge of Brisbane CBD...ideal for our plans. On the edge of Brisbane CBD...ideal for our plans. Brilliant for short stays...or if you are away from the hotel for most of your time during the day. The room size was right for our needs...SLEEP...and so clean comfortable and quiet. I'd gladly recommend this place and come back again. Colleen Australia 10 Convention centre is excellent. Good facilities. Convention centre is excellent. Good facilities. Ate all meals at the conference. Ate breakfast in our accommodation. South Bank was stunning on Sunday afternoon. Busy. Vibrant. Loved the EPI curious garden. Liked the Beach. The bougainvillea arch was covered in flowers, lovely. Enjoyed the Nepalese temple and the rainforest. Went on Kitty Cat full circuit trip - the free ferry. A lovely thing to do. The river is magnificent. Would have been nice to have had some sort of commentary, or even a handout, to identify some th8ngs we were passing by. The Air Train was easy to use - to and from the airport. Museum has excellent insect exhibitions, especially the photos. It was a bit of a building jungle- lots of infrastructure work going on made crossing streets quite chaotic at times. We walked a lot.Metro work very intrusive on progress around the cultural precinct. 8.0 Great apartments. Great apartments. Everything that was required to make my stay comfortable were available. It was a value for money. However located on a hill from Southbank Parklands but still ok not too far though. Ritha Maisen Papua New Guinea 10 Beautiful city, great weather, friendly people. Beautiful city, great weather, friendly people. It's easy to get around using public transport. It does shut down quite early in the evening, though, so take that into account when planning activities. David Australia 10 The location of the hotel and the view from the room was... The location of the hotel and the view from the room was fantastic and overlooked the Brisbane River. The staff were very friendly and personable. The buffet breakfast was excellent and had a great variety. The shower space was huge and the water pressure was awesome. peter Australia 10 A great city with a superb botanical garden and park. A great city with a superb botanical garden and park. The historical sites we visited were free and the old town hall was particularly impressive. The trip up the clock tower was great and gave great views of the city. The river area is good with boat trips on the river giving great city views. We visited the Shingle Inn inside the old town hall which is the oldest cafe in the city. Tony United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Brisbane See all Domain Serviced Apartments Ascot, Brisbane From CAD 165.94 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 932 reviews The location was perfect, surrounded by different restaurants, not far from the airport and the city or Fortitude Valley. Perfect place to chill. The bed was so comfortable, the pillows were so comfortable, as many hotels that's one thing that I find is not so comfortable. A very friendly neighborhood. The check in and out of the hotel was without any fuzz and was so easy to do. The apartments were peaceful and relaxing. Loved it. A Audrey Australia Brisbane Skytower by CLLIX Brisbane CBD, Brisbane 8.1 Very good · 10,396 reviews Everything, from the communication with the property to the location of the property. This was my first time actually staying in Brisbane, as I had travelled there several times before and I chose the perfect place to stay. The apartments are appointed beautifully, it is located in the CBD so you are a walking distance to large shopping malls and some awesome pubs and restaurants as well as some quirky little restaurants. Ian Australia Herston Place Motel Brisbane From CAD 177.60 per night 8.1 Very good · 234 reviews The rooms are 4 star - newly renovated, modern, new aircon units, lovely bathrooms, comfy beds, useful kitchenette. We were met at reception by a very friendly smiling fellow. There is a free car park and the location is perfect for enjoying Victoria Park or driving into the CBD or Southbank. We have stayed in many more expensive CBD apartments (paying $40/day to park) but no more...this will be our 'go-to' now! Saska2nian Australia The Point Brisbane Hotel Kangaroo Point, Brisbane From CAD 187.47 per night 8.2 Very good · 1,495 reviews Great hotel in the heart of Kangaroo point with a lovely outlook from the city to the airport Free parking is always a bonus in the CBD Check/check out seamless Good sized room for the evening Cant really comment on facilities but staff were always polite. Ferry within walking distance, and nice walks /cafes around area Queensparlour Australia Meriton Suites Herschel Street, Brisbane Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 137.24 per night 8.5 Very good · 5,561 reviews My room was very comfortable and had all the amenities I needed. The furnishings are nice, the bed was very comfortable. It was also very quiet despite clearly being a busy weekend at the hotel. Also an easy walk to Southbank and the CBD, as well as to Roma Street Station. Susan United States Royal On The Park Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 187.47 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 8,693 reviews great location opposite the gardens, quiet but convenient location in the CBD. can walk anywhere, including to Southbank, theatres, art galleries. Good buffet breakfast, ample but not outstanding. Parking access is very easy. This hotel is an old favourite for me. Jan Australia Park Regis North Quay Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 133.65 per night 7.7 Good · 2,214 reviews The apartment was so very clean, 10/10. Staff was very welcoming. Ive stayed at many apartments in Brisbane, and this hotel is far the best ....the bed was so comfy...the whole setting was absolutely beautiful...I will be staying there again on my next visit Jackson Australia Madison Tower Mill Hotel Spring Hill, Brisbane From CAD 124.68 per night 7.1 Good · 2,482 reviews Clean facilities, friendly staff. Covered parking at extra cost. In the heart of the city and walking distance to our favorite places in Brisbane. Awesome kids park right next to hotel which has family activities on weekends to attend. Shayne Australia Stamford Plaza Brisbane Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 220.70 per night 8.2 Very good · 4,663 reviews The location was excellent. Right on the Brisbane river and next to the Botanical gardens. Walking distance to Southbank and the CBD. The on-site restaurant was very nice, good view and delicious food. Nice view from the room. Julie Australia Adina Apartment Hotel Brisbane Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 228.91 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 4,605 reviews We loved the location and our room looked across the park to Southbank which was unexpected. We walked everywhere. We used Secure car park in Elizabeth Street but there is parking available a the hotel for the same cost $30. julie Australia Great Southern Hotel Brisbane Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 156.97 per night 7.3 Good · 3,183 reviews Great location - easy check in and check out. Surprisingly quiet for main road in city! Great value for money compared to other CBD hotels. I didn’t have the breakfast but it is cheap. Renovated bathroom and very clean. Angela Australia Emporium Hotel South Bank South Brisbane, Brisbane From CAD 492.45 per night 9.2 Superb · 4,461 reviews Absolutely beautiful hotel! The room was gorgeous, so modern and had a beautiful big spa bath! The pool was lovely with great views of the city! It’s a close walk to Southbank and the CBD. Loved everything about it. Hannah Australia Hamptons Retreat on Level 77 Skytower Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 549.85 per night 8.5 Very good · 147 reviews Location and ammenities are fantastic. Easy walk to most of the things you would want in Brisbane CBD and Southbank. Easy access to accomodation and great view of Storey Bridge, particularly at night. Damian Australia River Plaza Apartments South Brisbane, Brisbane From CAD 246.67 per night 7.6 Good · 1,107 reviews The location is ideal! Absolutely stunning view! Close to Southbank and ferry stop if wanting to travel to CBD or other areas of Brisbane. Pool facility was fantastic with BBQ facility and a view :) Katrina Australia Turbot House Hotel Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 139.93 per night 4.0 Disappointing · 740 reviews Nth in particular. I don't know why hotels in Brisbane are so high priced. We had to book Turbot because it was the cheapest one near the city that night. Sabinranjit United Kingdom Direct Collective - Pavilion and Governor on Brookes Bowen Hills, Brisbane 8.2 Very good · 1,121 reviews Great apartment close to the Brisbane CBD. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay again when in Brisbane. Stephen Australia Evolution Apartments Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 178.10 per night 7.9 Good · 4,331 reviews great central location to the Brisbane CBD and Southbank also the gym and pool facilities were great! Solomon Australia Great Southern Hotel Brisbane Brisbane CBD, Brisbane From CAD 156.97 per night 7.3 Good · 3,183 reviews very good location with easy access to Southbank West End and the CBD. on site parking. Brett Australia Novotel Brisbane South Bank South Brisbane, Brisbane From CAD 200.93 per night 8.3 Very good · 2,230 reviews Location is excellent for any event at Southbank for the Brisbane convention centre H Hayley Australia Ivy and Eve Apartments by CLLIX South Brisbane, Brisbane From CAD 375.84 per night 7.8 Good · 2,926 reviews Nice new apartments in the Southbank area, next to the conference centre David Australia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Australia Eager to explore more of Australia? Find hotels up and down the country! Hotels near Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Dreamworld Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near South Bank Parklands Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Car hire in Brisbane Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels in Cairns Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Airlie Beach Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Airlie Beach, also popular with our guests! Flights to Brisbane Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hotels near Brisbane Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Brisbane Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|7,1833870,1871440,1870380,1846890,1870380|3,1847760,1847760|3,1866460