The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Vancouver, Canada - Vancouver hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Vancouver Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Vancouver hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada British Columbia Vancouver Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Vancouver – 133 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Sutton Place Hotel Vancouver Hotel in West End, Vancouver Featuring the on-site Vida Spa, this downtown 5-star Vancouver hotel offers a gourmet restaurant and elegant rooms. The Vancouver Convention Center is a 15-minute walk away. Show more 8.4 Very good 2,757 reviews Price fromCAD 259per night Check availability Atrium Inn Vancouver Hotel in Hastings, Vancouver Only 6 KM from Vancouver city center. Atrium Inn Vancouver offers a complimentary hot and cold buffet breakfast, free WiFi, and free underground parking. Show more 7.3 Good 2,812 reviews Price fromCAD 150per night Check availability Rosedale on Robson Suite Hotel Hotel in Yaletown, Vancouver Featuring an indoor pool and a hot tub, Rosedale on Robson Suite Hotel is located within 5-minute walk from BC Place Stadium. A fully-equipped kitchenette is featured in every suite. Show more 8.4 Very good 3,105 reviews Price fromCAD 199per night Check availability Hampton Inn & Suites, by Hilton - Vancouver Downtown Hotel in Downtown Vancouver, Vancouver Featuring a hot tub, his Vancouver hotel is located on Robson Street across from the BC Place Stadium. An on-site restaurant is available. Free WiFi is provided throughout the property. Show more 8.2 Very good 1,361 reviews Price fromCAD 194.65per night Check availability Holiday Inn Vancouver-Centre Broadway, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Vancouver An indoor pool and sun deck are featured at the Holiday Inn Vancouver-Centre Broadway, 7 minutes from Vancouver city centre and 12 km from the Vancouver International Airport. Free WiFi is offered. Show more 8.0 Very good 770 reviews Price fromCAD 189.99per night Check availability Hotel at the Waldorf Hotel in Downtown Eastside, Vancouver Just 5 minutes’ drive from BC Place, Hotel at the Waldorf is located in Vancouver. A restaurant and a nightclub are featured on site. Free WiFi and a flat-screen cable TV are offered in all rooms. Show more 6.6 Pleasant 576 reviews Price fromCAD 88.61per night Check availability Tropicana Suite Hotel Hotel in West End, Vancouver Featuring North Shore mountain views, this all-suite hotel is located in Vancouver city centre. Free WiFi is offered in all rooms. Vancouver City Centre Canada Line Station is 1 km away. Show more 6.9 Pleasant 468 reviews Price fromCAD 139per night Check availability Cassandra Hotel Hotel in Vancouver South, Vancouver Cassandra Hotel is located in the heart of Vancouver, providing unparalleled convenience to explore the city's top attractions. Show more 7.2 Good 381 reviews Price fromCAD 165.55per night Check availability Kingston Hotel Hotel in Downtown Vancouver, Vancouver This hotel is located in downtown Vancouver and has free WiFi. Kingston Hotel is within 5 minutes' walk from the Robson Street Shopping District and City Center Skytrain Station. Show more 7.6 Good 313 reviews Price fromCAD 169per night Check availability L'Hermitage Hotel Hotel in Downtown Vancouver, Vancouver Offering a heated outdoor lap pool and hot tub, L'Hermitage Hotel includes rooms with a flat-screen TV. Vancouver City Centre SkyTrain is 300 m away. Show more 9.2 Superb 1,127 reviews Price fromCAD 225per night Check availability See all 123 hotels in Vancouver Cheapest time to stay in Vancouver In January you can stay in Vancouver for an average price of CA$160 per night CA$461CA$369CA$277CA$185CA$92CA$0 CA$160 Jan CA$172 Feb CA$191 Mar CA$205 Apr CA$290 May CA$335 Jun CA$355 Jul CA$345 Aug CA$357 Sep CA$240 Oct CA$181 Nov CA$181 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Vancouver in the past month See all Grand Park Hotel & Suites Downtown Vancouver Hotel in Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 7.4 Good · 5,291 reviews Blue Horizon Hotel Hotel in West End, Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 8.7 Fabulous · 8,272 reviews EXchange Hotel Vancouver Hotel in Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 8.9 Fabulous · 3,382 reviews Atrium Inn Vancouver Hotel in Hastings, Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 7.3 Good · 2,812 reviews Rosedale on Robson Suite Hotel Hotel in Yaletown, Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 8.4 Very good · 3,105 reviews Paradox Hotel Vancouver Hotel in Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 9.1 Superb · 2,244 reviews The Sutton Place Hotel Vancouver Hotel in West End, Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 8.4 Very good · 2,757 reviews Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie Hotel in West End, Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 7.2 Good · 2,049 reviews The Parker Hotel Vancouver Hotel in Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 7.8 Good · 1,452 reviews Century Plaza Hotel Hotel in Vancouver Popular with guests booking hotels in Vancouver 8.1 Very good · 1,142 reviews Vancouver's best hotels with breakfast See all Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Hotel in Vancouver Breakfast options This Vancouver city centre hotel is a short walk from business and entertainment neighbourhoods, Robson Street shops and Yaletown restaurants. All the staffs are kind and the hotel is clean and nice. Avg. price/night: CAD 237.88 8.4 Very good · 1,388 reviews Fairmont Hotel Vancouver Hotel in Vancouver Breakfast options Located in Vancouver city centre, this hotel offers an on-site restaurant and bar. A flat-screen cable TV is offered in each room. Vancouver City Centre Skytrain station is 5 minutes’ walk away. Great location- staff are amazing and super helpful. Avg. price/night: CAD 379.06 8.5 Very good · 1,279 reviews The St. Regis Hotel Hotel in Vancouver Breakfast options Featuring two on-site restaurants and a bar, this locally-owned boutique hotel offers a complimentary breakfast with items such as omelettes, bacon and sausage. Fantastic hospitality, wonderful staff, great location. Avg. price/night: CAD 246.62 8.7 Fabulous · 1,043 reviews The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Hotel in Vancouver Breakfast options The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver is in perfect balance with its breathtaking urban and natural surroundings. Loved the pool area. The lounge easy access to city Avg. price/night: CAD 286.01 8.5 Very good · 1,009 reviews Hotel Le Soleil by Executive Hotels Hotel in Vancouver Breakfast options This Vancouver hotel offers an on-site restaurant and bar. Keurig coffee machine and refrigerator are included in each room. Vancouver Convention Centre is 5 minutes’ walk away. Good selection on menu. Good service. Tasty meals. Avg. price/night: CAD 228.07 8.5 Very good · 3,027 reviews Hotel Belmont Vancouver MGallery Hotel in Vancouver Breakfast options Boasting free bikes, a restaurant as well as a bar, Hotel Belmont Vancouver MGallery is situated in the centre of Vancouver, 1.3 km from Sunset Beach. Easy check in and check out. Great space and clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 220.70 8.1 Very good · 1,361 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites, by Hilton - Vancouver Downtown Hotel in Vancouver Breakfast options Featuring a hot tub, his Vancouver hotel is located on Robson Street across from the BC Place Stadium. An on-site restaurant is available. Free WiFi is provided throughout the property. It was in a good location and everything was nice. Avg. price/night: CAD 234.90 8.2 Very good · 1,359 reviews Hyatt Regency Vancouver Hotel in Vancouver Breakfast options Located 2 km from BC Place Stadium, this Vancouver hotel boasts a heated outdoor pool and a hot tub. A 42" flat-screen TV is provided in every room. Free WiFi is featured throughout the property. Friendly staff. great location for exploring the area on foot. clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 259.58 8.4 Very good · 1,907 reviews Budget hotels in Vancouver See all YWCA Hotel Vancouver Hotel in Vancouver Budget Hotel This hotel is adjacent to BC Place Stadium and Rogers Arena. Stadium-Chinatown Skytrain station is only a short 5-minute walk away. Perfect location to BC Place! Across the street!!! Avg. price/night: CAD 142.80 8.2 Very good · 1,960 reviews English Bay Hotel Hotel in West End, Vancouver Budget Hotel Featuring views of the ocean and beachfront, this all-suite Vancouver hotel is only a 4 minute walk from English Bay Beach. Amazing location, friendly staff, laundry facilities at the property Avg. price/night: CAD 166.85 6.7 Pleasant · 1,002 reviews Best Western Plus Vancouver Airport Hotel Hotel in Vancouver Budget Hotel Featuring a 24-hour on-call airport shuttle service, this hotel offers on-site restaurants. Vancouver International Airport is only 3 km away. Free WiFi is provided in all guest rooms. Very friendly staff. Convenient for the airport Avg. price/night: CAD 178.24 7.0 Good · 1,798 reviews Hotel at the Waldorf Hotel in Vancouver Budget Hotel Just 5 minutes’ drive from BC Place, Hotel at the Waldorf is located in Vancouver. A restaurant and a nightclub are featured on site. Free WiFi and a flat-screen cable TV are offered in all rooms. The hotel is great but the locaation is a bit rough. Avg. price/night: CAD 105.60 6.6 Pleasant · 576 reviews Tropicana Suite Hotel Hotel in West End, Vancouver Budget Hotel Featuring North Shore mountain views, this all-suite hotel is located in Vancouver city centre. Free WiFi is offered in all rooms. Vancouver City Centre Canada Line Station is 1 km away. Great location. Reasonable price for the location. Avg. price/night: CAD 165.66 6.9 Pleasant · 468 reviews Rosewood Hotel Georgia Hotel in Vancouver Budget Hotel Across the street from the Vancouver Art Gallery, this hotel is a 5-minute walk from the Robson Street Shopping District. It offers an indoor saltwater lap pool, a spa and 24-hour room service. Beautiful hotel with wonderful service - my favourite place to stay😊 Avg. price/night: CAD 567.20 9.3 Superb · 915 reviews Level Downtown - Howe Hotel in Vancouver Budget Hotel Located in Vancouver, 600 metres from Sunset Beach, Level Downtown - Howe provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a shared lounge. Great location. Super clean and well equipped facilities. 9.2 Superb · 57 reviews Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel by APA Hotel in Vancouver Budget Hotel Featuring a rooftop deck with a swimming pool and hot tub, this hotel is located in Vancouver's Coal Harbour District, and offers views of the North Shore Mountains. Clean, friendly staff, good location, lovely rooms 8.6 Fabulous · 2,096 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Vancouver See all West Coast Suites at UBC Hotel in Vancouver Central location Featuring full kitchens in each suite, this hotel is located on the University of British Columbia campus, 20 minutes’ drive from Central Vancouver. It features a guest launderette. Sofa was good but maybe a love seat instead of chair Avg. price/night: CAD 278.16 8.8 Fabulous · 154 reviews Shangri-La Vancouver Hotel in West End, Vancouver Central location Featuring a full service spa, Shangri-La Hotel Vancouver offers easy access to luxury shopping, art installations and trendy restaurants and bars. Guests can enjoy views of Vancouver city centre. The TV mirror and the bathtub separate from the shower Avg. price/night: CAD 400.66 8.7 Fabulous · 134 reviews Blue Horizon Hotel Hotel in West End, Vancouver Central location Featuring an indoor pool, a hot tub and a steam room, this contemporary Vancouver hotel is situated directly on Robson Street near shopping and restaurants. The room was spacious and had a good view of the street below. Avg. price/night: CAD 216.05 8.7 Fabulous · 8,272 reviews Gage Suites at UBC Hotel in Vancouver Central location These suites are located on the campus of The University of British Columbia. A kitchenette is provided in all suites. The Museum of Anthropology is 2 minutes' walk away. This Is a wonderful place to stay. Cost is so good too. Avg. price/night: CAD 232.56 8.7 Fabulous · 1,027 reviews Metropolitan Hotel Vancouver Hotel in Vancouver Central location Located in Vancouver city centre, this luxury hotel boasts a glass-domed indoor pool and on-site dining. Cable TV features in all rooms. BC Place Stadium is 1 km away. The staff were very welcoming and the room was clean Avg. price/night: CAD 226.88 8.6 Fabulous · 226 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown Hotel in Vancouver Central location Featuring an indoor swimming pool and hot tub, this Vancouver hotel is within 10 minutes’ walk to Sunset Beach and the Vancouver Contemporary Art Gallery. Servi estando and the staff atention/peodissionalism Avg. price/night: CAD 224.46 8.6 Fabulous · 811 reviews Georgian Court Hotel, WorldHotels Elite Hotel in Vancouver Central location Featuring an on-site restaurant, this boutique hotel is located in the heart of Vancouver city centre, across from BC Place. Free WiFi is provided. Queen Elizabeth Theatre is 4 minutes’ walk away. Everything! Helpful (professional!) staff, room, location! Avg. price/night: CAD 203.71 8.6 Fabulous · 1,509 reviews Granville Island Hotel Hotel in Granville Island, Vancouver Central location Featuring a fitness centre, this hotel is within 3 km of Vancouver city centre and adjacent to Sutcliffe Park. Each room offers a 42 " flat-screen cable TV. nice large room. good location on Granville island Avg. price/night: CAD 336.70 8.6 Fabulous · 724 reviews FAQs about hotels in Vancouver How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Vancouver? On average, 3-star hotels in Vancouver cost CAD 205 per night, and 4-star hotels in Vancouver are CAD 341 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Vancouver can on average be found for CAD 472 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Vancouver for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Vancouver this weekend is CAD 261 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 340. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Vancouver for this weekend cost on average around CAD 553 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Vancouver for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 227 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Vancouver for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 334 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Vancouver will cost around CAD 439 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Vancouver are good for families? Many families visiting Vancouver loved staying at L'Hermitage Hotel, Level Downtown - Howe and Fairmont Pacific Rim. What are the best hotels in Vancouver near English Bay? Some of the best hotels in Vancouver near English Bay include West End Guest House, Sonder at Revival and Times Square Suites Hotel. What are the best hotels in Vancouver near Vancouver International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Vancouver near Vancouver International Airport (YVR) have said good things about Fairmont Vancouver Airport In-Terminal Hotel, The Westin Wall Centre, Vancouver Airport and Versante Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Vancouver? L'Hermitage Hotel, Paradox Hotel Vancouver and Loden Vancouver are some of the popular hotels in Vancouver. What hotels in Vancouver offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Vancouver that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Rosewood Hotel Georgia, L'Hermitage Hotel and EXchange Hotel Vancouver. What hotels in Vancouver are good for couples? These hotels in Vancouver are highly rated by couples: Loden Vancouver, Level Downtown - Howe and Rosewood Hotel Georgia. What hotels in Vancouver have nice views? Pan Pacific Vancouver, Fairmont Pacific Rim and Blue Horizon Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Vancouver regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Outstanding Capital of the Outdoors An outdoorsy city ranking among the world’s most livable, Vancouver is sheltered by Vancouver Island and the Pacific Range mountains. The most famous peak, Grouse Mountain is a favourite spot for hiking and skiing. Take the cable car up for magnificent views of the city's skyscrapers and huge Stanley Park. Skirting this park is the Seawall, a popular biking trail with paths passing the Vancouver Aquarium, picnic spots and a pitch ‘n’ putt course. There are also a couple of beaches, but the best ones are along English Bay in Kitsilano. Granville Island is just across False Creek from Yaletown and houses some quirky shops and markets. Ferries depart from here to near BC Place Stadium and home ground of the city’s football and American football teams. The legendary Vancouver Canucks ice hockey team play next door at Rogers Arena. With the largest Chinatown in North America, Gastown is the oldest part of Vancouver and is near the Canada Place cruise ship terminal. We could go on and on about British Columbia’s largest city and never do it justice, so why not try it for yourself? Booking.com has a fabulous range of accommodation, from hotels near Vancouver Airport in Richmond to downtown B&Bs and motels near each of its ferry ports. Learn more about visiting Vancouver 31 attractions 69 points of interest 20 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Vancouver: 10 Vancouver is a wonderful location, with the mountains on one... Vancouver is a wonderful location, with the mountains on one side and the waterfront on the other. There are many high class restaurants, lots of cafes and many shopping options in downtown Vancouver. It is a very walkable city and has lovely places like Granville Island and Stanley Park to explore by foot. There are lots of wonderful ways of interacting with the outdoors (you can go to the beach, take a float plane on a tour above the city, roller blade along the waterfront, etc). Mary Canada 10 One of my all-time favourite cities. One of my all-time favourite cities. I saw a hockey game, ate delicious food, saw a movie, went to the cat cafe at International Village and in Richmond, and went to a few parks and the botanical gardens. There are cabs and Ubers available everywhere, but I also enjoy transit in the less-busy times. SkyTrain is pretty convenient and easy to navigate. Roxy_ United States 10 I loved it, Granville Island, Kitsilano and Stanley Park... I loved it, Granville Island, Kitsilano and Stanley Park were my favourite parts. I used the local buses and got the train from the airport to downtown but mostly I walked. I had the best sushi I have ever had in Miku (you need to book) and Hook happy hour was just amazing - go early and get a table outside. Juliette United Kingdom 10 We like walking and there a good opportunities for that. We like walking and there a good opportunities for that. Examples are Stanley Park and False Creek. Downtown is clean, Canada Place offers great views over harbor area and to mountain in the north. Public transit works well. Sky trains are fast and offer good connections to the airport and the eastern arts of the area of Vancouver. Trolley buses offer transport without CO2 in the city. Gerhard Canada 10 The wonderful fall colors of Stanley Park, Queen Elizabeth... The wonderful fall colors of Stanley Park, Queen Elizabeth Park, and along the streets are very beautiful during our visit. We spent 2 full hours in the Vancouver Aquarium. We tried different cuisines in Vancouver, such as Korean BBQ, Japanese sushi, Chinese dimsum, Vietnamese sandwich and noodles, Thai food, etc. We purchased compass cards and took the bus/skytrain to go around Vancouver easily. The only thing we don't like about Vancouver is the rain. Next time we will check the weather forecast and try to visit Vancouver when it's not raining. Yong Canada 8.0 I was only staying near airport for accessibility to Canada... I was only staying near airport for accessibility to Canada Line and bus for my onward journey the next day if spending more time in Vancouver would probably have stayed in town as Vancouver is a beautiful city with lots to see and do.However having said that due to accessibility to airport and Canada Line if you wanted to go to Vancouver Island you can get to Twassen and ferry terminal easily. Alison United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Vancouver See all Hotel BLU Vancouver From CAD 264.29 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 2,686 reviews This hotel is awesome! We will be back for sure. Right from the start we were greeted by a very nice gentleman who came to our car and offered us a luggage cart, and set us up for the parking garage. The staff at the front desk were lovely as well. We were able to park our car, and check in early so we could do some exploring before the hockey game at Rogers arena which is just steps away. Nespresso machine in the room was awesome, a very clean and comfortable stay. 10/10 recommend, a very affordable hotel for downtown Vancouver. summerrxoxo Canada Sonder The Sunset West End, Vancouver 8.4 Very good · 967 reviews A very well appointed suite with kitchenette and free wifi and secure parking. Also includes a free breakfast every morning which was great. This location is close to many dining and shopping venues. A ten minute cab ride took you anywhere in downtown Vancouver to most venues($10). David at the front desk is a great ambassador to this hotel, very knowledgeable, courteous and helpful….he made our stay one of the best hotel experiences we’ve had. l will stay here again when in Vancouver. Lawrence Canada L'Hermitage Hotel Vancouver From CAD 268.16 per night 9.2 Superb · 1,123 reviews Hotel was very clean (COVID safe) and staff were pleasant and helpful. As soon as we checked and went up to the room we noticed a loud barking coming from the neighbouring room - quick visit to the front desk and a comparable room was offered away from the noisy dog. The hotel is perfectly located for convenience and considering the state of the rest of downtown Vancouver these days, you feel relatively safe in mid-town. LOVED to rooftop pool and hot tub! Lisa Canada Wedgewood Hotel & Spa - Relais & Chateaux Vancouver From CAD 356.01 per night 9.1 Superb · 759 reviews Amazing boutique hotel in downtown Vancouver. The bedrooms are spacious, beds super comfortable and it’s very clean! However the staff are stand out amazing. The service in this hotel is the best I have experienced. They really value the customer and want to make your stay as perfect as possible! Well done every at the Wedgewood Hotel it’s a great place to stay and I would not hesitate to recommend, thank you for making our stay in Vancouver memorable. amanda United Kingdom Paradox Hotel Vancouver Vancouver From CAD 377.19 per night 9.1 Superb · 2,244 reviews This is a lovely property to stay in right in the heart of downtown Vancouver. We had a few issues on the first night, but Leanne was exceptional in dealing with everything for us. She is a great asset to this hotel. Had a lovely room with a balcony which was really nice to be able to get outside and see all the buildings and life going on outside. All the staff here are lovely and friendly and go out of their way to help you. Recommend this to anyone jane United Kingdom Blue Horizon Hotel West End, Vancouver From CAD 216.05 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 8,272 reviews Very good downtown Vancouver hotel with a prime location right on Robson Street. There's shopping, restaurants, coffee shops, convenience and liquor stores all located within easy walking distance. Our room with two queen beds on the 20th floor was very comfortable and nicely sized. There is a daily charge for parking but the rate is one of the cheaper rates when compared to other downtown hotels. TwitchyEdmonton Canada Kingston Hotel Vancouver From CAD 201.41 per night 7.6 Good · 313 reviews Stayed here just to be close to the airport before our early morning flight, was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. It is very lovely and has a quiet and chilled vibe. The location is fantastic (definitely one of the nicer parts of Vancouver), and the staff were very friendly. We even ate at the restaurant next door (would recommend) and the front desk managed to get us a 15% off discount! Charlotte Canada Best Western Plus Vancouver Airport Hotel Vancouver From CAD 178.24 per night 7.0 Good · 1,798 reviews Staff was friendly! Price was good. The building itself was older and it looked like they were renovating/painting. The location was not very good in terms of noise and very close to the main road, however was close to the hotel and provided free shuttle service to the airport which was a great help. I would stay again for a night before and after a flight out of Vancouver airport. Margarita Canada YWCA Hotel Vancouver Vancouver From CAD 142.80 per night 8.2 Very good · 1,960 reviews Maybe a little pricey for what it is (although it is Vancouver after all) but if you’re looking for a “cheaper” place to stay that is pretty well located, this is really good. Walking distance from waterfront and aquataxi, small but cute rooms and fun rooftop patio area. Also right beside a little pho restaurant that had the best spring rolls I’ve ever had É Étienne Canada Hyatt Regency Vancouver Vancouver From CAD 259.58 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,907 reviews Excellent situation for exploring waterfront, shops & general downtown area. Well run hotel, all staff were helpful & friendly. Starbucks handy in the lobby. Rooms were large and well appointed with super comfy bed. Good breakfast buffet, a little pricey but similar to most hotels. Would definitely stay here again if in Vancouver. elaine United Kingdom Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel by APA Vancouver 8.6 Fabulous · 2,096 reviews Beautiful views of Stanley Park and Vancouver Harbour! The hotel is very well located, it is close to the city centre, Canada Place, Gastown, and is well situated for a walk by the harbour front. The rooms are large and the beds are very comfortable. The bathrooms are well sized and the heated toilets are comfortable too! Jacob Malta Sandman Suites Vancouver on Davie West End, Vancouver From CAD 200.38 per night 7.2 Good · 2,049 reviews Location is great with easy access to downtown attractions. Not too far from Vancouver Airport as well, less than 30 minutes via Uber. Sunset Beach is a quick 5 minute walk. Easy options to cross to Granville Island for food/market and also docks for water activities including whale watching. Ray80PH Philippines EXchange Hotel Vancouver Vancouver From CAD 276.09 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 3,382 reviews This hotel is a gem in downtown Vancouver. The location is excellent, literally 2 minutes from Canada Line skytrain. The bed is very comfortable, comparable to Westin’s heavenly bed. The room is newly renovated, very clean and surprisingly quiet. Chung-Ming Canada Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown Vancouver From CAD 168.99 per night 6.7 Pleasant · 1,707 reviews very accommodating. we needed to check in early due to a medical emergency and the staff was very accommodating. Did not charge extra which the could have. Great hotel and service especially for the price in Downtown Vancouver Erin Canada The Westin Bayshore, Vancouver Vancouver From CAD 286.01 per night 8.5 Very good · 1,009 reviews Great view to North Vancouver, Cardero & Canada Place Great restaurant & breakfast Great location, between the Stanley Park and Coal Harbor Easy access to main streets Great restaurants and facilities around the hotel SamQRFK Canada L'Hermitage Hotel Vancouver From CAD 268.16 per night 9.2 Superb · 1,123 reviews This was a great location and easy to get to from the airport—walking distance to everything in Downtown Vancouver. I loved how clean everything was and the covid protocols that were taken. I felt safe at the hotel. Kaitlyn Canada Granville Island Hotel Granville Island, Vancouver From CAD 336.70 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 724 reviews This hotel is on Granville Island which is over if the magical places in the lower mainland of bc. Restaurants, public market, artisans, theatres ... Everything in one place. And a spectacular view of Vancouver. Rosemary Canada Hotel Le Soleil by Executive Hotels Vancouver From CAD 228.07 per night 8.5 Very good · 3,027 reviews A sense of elegance without breaking the bank; the effortless hospitality from the staff: the hotel being in the heart of downtown Vancouver Amado United States Hotel Belmont Vancouver MGallery Vancouver From CAD 220.70 per night 8.1 Very good · 1,361 reviews Centrally located in Downtown Vancouver, walkable to most places & sights. Good No if food places & bars near the hotel. Jayadev Bahrain Pan Pacific Vancouver Vancouver From CAD 388.77 per night 8.4 Very good · 2,679 reviews Absolute best location in Vancouver! The hotel was great, views over the harbour were stunning. Very comfortable hotel. Rachel Australia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Car hire in Vancouver Hire a car and hit the road, whether that's A to B or for a longer road trip. Hotels near Rogers Arena - Formerly GM place Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Things to do in Vancouver How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels in British Columbia Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Lower Mainland British Columbia Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Downtown Vancouver Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in UBC - University of British Columbia Explore Vancouver while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Visit Vancouver Everything you need to know about your destination. Flights from London to Vancouver Find and compare the best flights. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Vancouver Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760,1870380,1846890,1833870,1870380|3,1866460,1870380|7,1871440,1847760|3