The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Manila, Philippines - Manila hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Manila Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Manila hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Philippines Luzon Manila Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Manila – 1,057 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Hotel 101 - Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Located in the Manila Bay district, Hotel 101 Manila offers accommodation 700 metres away from SM Mall of Asia. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 9,035 reviews Price fromCAD 65.23per night Check availability Golden Phoenix Hotel - Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Located in Pasay City, Golden Phoenix Hotel - Manila offers modern and elegant accommodation with free WiFi access throughout the property. Show more 7.5 Good 2,755 reviews Price fromCAD 84.54per night Check availability The Mini Suites Eton Tower Makati Hotel in Makati, Manila Offering contemporary, modern accommodation in the heart of Makati district in Manila, The Mini Suites Eton Tower Makati is conveniently located just 700 metres from Greenbelt Mall. Show more 7.0 Good 3,304 reviews Price fromCAD 52.75per night Check availability Belmont Hotel Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Situated at the heart of Resorts World Manila, Belmont Hotel Manila is a 5-minute walk from Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) Terminal 3 via Runway Manila. Show more 8.1 Very good 2,214 reviews Price fromCAD 119.99per night Check availability The Heritage Hotel Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Nestled in the heart of the city, the Heritage Hotel Manila is within minutes from the international and domestic airports (NAIA). Show more 8.0 Very good 1,863 reviews Price fromCAD 74.42per night Check availability Go Hotels Timog Hotel in Quezon City, Manila Located 6 km from SM Megamall, Shangri-La Plaza and Meralco Theatre, Go Hotels Timogin Quezon City features a sun terrace, concierge service, and free WiFi throughout the property. Show more 7.9 Good 534 reviews Price fromCAD 43.92per night Check availability Selah Garden Hotel Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Featuring an outdoor pool and a spa centre, Selah Garden Hotel Manila offers accommodation in Pasay, within 2.9 km from Newport Mall. Guests can enjoy meals at the on-site restaurant. Show more 7.0 Good 1,037 reviews Price fromCAD 50.98per night Check availability Conrad Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Featuring free WiFi in public areas, Conrad Manila is situated in Manila, 100 metres from SMX Convention Center. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 1,085 reviews Price fromCAD 230.89per night Check availability Novotel Manila Araneta City Hotel Hotel in Quezon City, Manila Located within the business district of Quezon City, Novotel Manila Araneta City offers contemporary accommodation with easy access to LRT/MRT Stations, Gateway Mall and Smart Araneta Center. Show more 8.9 Fabulous 1,058 reviews Price fromCAD 119.37per night Check availability Red Planet Ortigas Hotel in Pasig, Manila Located in Shaw Boulevard, Red Planet Ortigas, Manila offers basic and comfortable accommodation within an 8-minute walk from Shaw Boulevard MRT Station. Show more 8.1 Very good 863 reviews Price fromCAD 38.30per night Check availability See all 807 hotels in Manila Most booked hotels in Manila in the past month See all Hotel 101 - Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 8.8 Fabulous · 9,035 reviews The Mini Suites Eton Tower Makati Hotel in Makati, Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 7.0 Good · 3,302 reviews Kabayan Hotel Pasay Hotel in Pasay, Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 7.0 Good · 3,479 reviews Holiday Inn Express Manila Newport City, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Pasay, Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 7.6 Good · 2,305 reviews Savoy Hotel Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 8.2 Very good · 2,040 reviews Hop Inn Hotel Aseana City Manila Hotel in Paranaque, Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 8.2 Very good · 1,938 reviews Kingsford Hotel Manila Hotel in Paranaque, Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 7.9 Good · 2,607 reviews City Garden Grand Hotel Hotel in Makati, Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 8.6 Fabulous · 2,691 reviews Stone House Hotel Pasay Hotel in Pasay, Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 7.1 Good · 1,006 reviews Manila Prince Hotel Hotel in Manila Popular with guests booking hotels in Manila 8.0 Very good · 1,616 reviews Manila's best hotels with breakfast See all Raffles Makati Hotel in Makati, Manila Breakfast options Situated in the heart of Makati Central Business District, Raffles Makati features an outdoor swimming pool, a gym and business centre. Everything! Very Home hotel! Magic to stay longer! Avg. price/night: CAD 514.50 9.0 Superb · 65 reviews Manila Prince Hotel Hotel in Manila Breakfast options Located in Manila, within 1 km from Rizal Park and 1.1 km from Robinsons Place Manila, Manila Prince Hotel boasts of an outdoor swimming pool, and on-site coffee shop. great room, great service, nice breakfast buffet. Avg. price/night: CAD 56.12 8.0 Very good · 1,616 reviews Conrad Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Breakfast options Featuring free WiFi in public areas, Conrad Manila is situated in Manila, 100 metres from SMX Convention Center. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site. Staff In hotel was extremly proffesional and polite Avg. price/night: CAD 283.60 8.8 Fabulous · 1,085 reviews Jinjiang Inn - Ortigas Hotel in Pasig, Manila Breakfast options Strategically located, Jinjiang Inn Ortigas offers modern and elegant accommodation with free WiFi access throughout the property. the staff. they are attentive, warm and knowlegeable Avg. price/night: CAD 63.37 8.8 Fabulous · 1,023 reviews Novotel Manila Araneta City Hotel Hotel in Quezon City, Manila Breakfast options Located within the business district of Quezon City, Novotel Manila Araneta City offers contemporary accommodation with easy access to LRT/MRT Stations, Gateway Mall and Smart Araneta Center. Great location , excellent modern room and efficient, friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 151.01 8.9 Fabulous · 1,058 reviews City Garden Grand Hotel Hotel in Makati, Manila Breakfast options Boasting an outdoor rooftop pool, and restaurant with complimentary WiFi access, City Garden Grand Hotel offers luxurious accommodation with sweeping views of the Makati landscape. Everything from arriving to leaving was exceptional. 8.6 Fabulous · 2,692 reviews The Manila Hotel Hotel in Manila Breakfast options Manila Hotel is a beautiful 5-star hotel located in Manila just 700 metres from iconic Intramuros and 900 metres from Manila Cathedral. Ambience,service,employee was well mannered.very corteus Avg. price/night: CAD 132.69 8.2 Very good · 1,505 reviews Crimson Hotel Filinvest City, Manila Hotel in Muntinlupa City, Manila Breakfast options Crimson Hotel Filinvest City, Manila is set within 1 km from Festival Mall and 1.8 km from Alabang Town Center. So many choices...staff are friendly, respectful and helpful. Avg. price/night: CAD 120.38 8.3 Very good · 1,193 reviews Budget hotels in Manila See all Coro Hotel Hotel in Makati, Manila Budget Hotel Set in Manila, 1.3 km from Power Plant Mall, Coro Hotel offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking and a bar. Very nice staff, excellent rooftop view And restaurant Avg. price/night: CAD 113.19 8.3 Very good · 2,045 reviews Park Inn by Radisson North Edsa Hotel in Quezon City, Manila Budget Hotel Located 5.6 km from Smart Araneta Coliseum, Park Inn by Radisson North Edsa offers 4-star accommodation in Manila and features a fitness centre, a restaurant and a bar. Clean room. Close to shopping mall. Friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 110.29 8.6 Fabulous · 1,151 reviews The Sphere Serviced Residences Managed by HII Hotel in Makati, Manila Budget Hotel Attractively set in the Makati district of Manila, The Sphere Serviced Residences Managed by HII is situated 1.1 km from Greenbelt Mall, 1.5 km from Glorietta Mall and 2.5 km from Power Plant Mall. We had a great stay and was happy with everything. Avg. price/night: CAD 105.40 8.3 Very good · 1,243 reviews Savoy Hotel Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Budget Hotel Savoy Hotel Manila boasts of an outdoor swimming pool, situated 200 metres from Resorts World Manila, this 4-star property offers 24-hour front desk and an on-site restaurant and bar. Very convenient to the airport. Staff are amazing. Avg. price/night: CAD 143.95 8.2 Very good · 2,038 reviews Lub d Philippines Makati Hotel in Makati, Manila Budget Hotel Lub d Philippines Makati is situated in Manila, 600 metres from Century City Mall and 1.1 km from Power Plant Mall, featuring a 24-hour front desk and a bar on site. affordable, comfy in short, everything is excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 54.38 8.1 Very good · 1,299 reviews TRYP by Wyndham Mall of Asia Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Budget Hotel Overlooking the Manila Bay, TRYP by Wyndham Mall of Asia Manila is 1 km from SM Mall of Asia. It features an outdoor swimming pool, a restaurant and free shuttle to the city. Nice room,very polite staff. Close to Mall of Asia Avg. price/night: CAD 143.95 8.0 Very good · 1,058 reviews Hotel 101 - Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Budget Hotel Located in the Manila Bay district, Hotel 101 Manila offers accommodation 700 metres away from SM Mall of Asia. Breakfast good staff was good and everything was good Avg. price/night: CAD 85.40 8.8 Fabulous · 9,035 reviews Belmont Hotel Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila Budget Hotel Situated at the heart of Resorts World Manila, Belmont Hotel Manila is a 5-minute walk from Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) Terminal 3 via Runway Manila. Close to sky bridge to T3, very clean and friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 135.41 8.1 Very good · 2,214 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Manila See all FMRR Building Hotel in Manila Central location Featuring 1-star accommodation, FMRR Building is located in Manila, 3.3 km from Malacanang Palace and 3.5 km from Intramuros. Avg. price/night: CAD 59.40 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review Casa Enzo Staycation Hotel in Quezon City, Manila Central location Boasting a restaurant, Casa Enzo Staycation is set in Manila in the Luzon region, 3.7 km from Malacanang Palace and 4.9 km from Intramuros. 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review One Uptown Residence Hotel in Taguig, Manila Central location Situated in Manila, within less than 1 km of Bonifacio High Street and 3.4 km of Power Plant Mall, One Uptown Residence features accommodation with a terrace and as well as free private parking for... 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review pristinehotel Hotel in Manila Central location Situated in Manila, 2 km from Intramuros, pristinehotel features views of the city. With free WiFi, this 2-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Avg. price/night: CAD 106.25 9.0 Superb · 1 review OYO 848 Dona Aurora Condotel Hotel in Quezon City, Manila Central location Conveniently set in the Quezon City district of Manila, OYO 848 Dona Aurora Condotel is located 3.8 km from Malacanang Palace, 5.6 km from Smart Araneta Coliseum and 6.3 km from Intramuros. the property is quite new so its clean and well maintained Avg. price/night: CAD 48.28 8.9 Fabulous · 166 reviews Sequoia Hotel Hotel in Quezon City, Manila Central location Located in Manila, Sequoia Hotel is situated just a 5-minute walk from Music 21 Plaza and the ABS-CBN Network. Avg. price/night: CAD 122.01 8.9 Fabulous · 15 reviews Vangie's Place at SEA RESIDENCES Hotel in Pasay, Manila Central location Situated in Manila, 700 metres from Mall of Asia Arena, Vangie's Place at SEA RESIDENCES features accommodation with a garden and private parking. Host answers all our questions and is very accommodating. Avg. price/night: CAD 56.57 8.9 Fabulous · 59 reviews Casa Bocobo Hotel Hotel in Manila Central location Located in Manila, 5-minute walk from Manila City’s Rizal Park and 15-minute drive from the historical Intramuros, Casa Bocobo Hotel houses a café and a business centre. 8.6 Fabulous · 9 reviews FAQs about hotels in Manila How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Manila? On average, 3-star hotels in Manila cost CAD 56 per night, and 4-star hotels in Manila are CAD 106 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Manila can on average be found for CAD 232 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Manila for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Manila this weekend is CAD 68 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 141. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Manila for this weekend cost on average around CAD 207 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Manila for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 63 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Manila for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 138 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Manila will cost around CAD 198 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Manila are good for families? Many families visiting Manila loved staying at ASN Boutique Residence, City Of Dreams - Nüwa Manila and The Peninsula Manila. What are the best hotels in Manila near SM Mall of Asia? Some of the best hotels in Manila near SM Mall of Asia include Conrad Manila, Reese @ Sea Residences Manila and Vangie's Place at SEA RESIDENCES. What are the best hotels in Manila near Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Manila near Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport (MNL) have said good things about Conrado's Apartelle, Savoy Hotel Manila and palm tree villas. What are the best hotels to stay in Manila? ASN Boutique Residence, Shangri-La The Fort, Manila and Grand Hyatt Manila are some of the popular hotels in Manila. What hotels in Manila offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Manila that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Raffles Makati, New World Makati Hotel, Manila and Shangri-La The Fort, Manila. What hotels in Manila are good for couples? These hotels in Manila are highly rated by couples: City Of Dreams - Nüwa Manila, Rosh Hotel and ASN Boutique Residence. What hotels in Manila have nice views? Shangri-La The Fort, Manila, Grand Hyatt Manila and New World Makati Hotel, Manila have received great reviews from travellers in Manila regarding the views from their hotel rooms. The City of Our Affections With a rich mix of influences from Indians, Chinese, Spanish and Americans, Manila is the vibrant capital of the Philippines and its cultural and economic centre. Thanks to the trade with Latin America during the three centuries of Spanish colonisation, Manila became an important city, known as the ‘Pearl of Orient’. Don’t miss a visit to the Spanish remains in the Intramuros district. Important landmarks in the area are the Malacañan Palace, the City Hall, and the Manila Cathedral. Rizal Park is a national icon, while the Baywalk promenade is great for enjoying the well-known city sunsets. Ermita and Malate districts are famous for the nightlife, trendy shopping and restaurants, as well as for some luxury Manila hotels. Between the promenade and the districts, its easy to see why Filipinos call Manila, “The City of Our Affections” where the people's love affairs with fashion, music, entertainment and sheer fun are on bright and beautiful display. Divisoria is a traditional district for local shopping, bargains and typical food. Binondo is the oldest Chinatown in the world. For hotels in Manila near the airport, Ninoy Aquino International Airport is not far from Makati City, where a second cluster of hotels are located. Learn more about visiting Manila 32 attractions 64 points of interest 22 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Manila: 4.0 It's easy to get around metro manila only 1ride to sm manila... It's easy to get around metro manila only 1ride to sm manila,Robinsons manila,Quiapo Church,Divisoria,Manila Zoo,walking distance to sm san lazaro,walking distance lo LRT station as well,It's accessible wherever i go. 8.0 Vibrant , friendly tropical city, shopping at MOA in Pasay... Vibrant , friendly tropical city, shopping at MOA in Pasay at evening time recommended as too hot during daytime. Food , shopping and restaurants very affordable. Grab taxis are reliable to get around places and recommended Ester United Kingdom 10 Manila is a loud full on busy noisy city with a huge variety... Manila is a loud full on busy noisy city with a huge variety of stuff to do as you'd expect from a capital city. The intramuras (old city) is worth a visit, the national museums and rizal park make a great day out combined. It worth a visit up to Mckinley to see 'Venice' with great eateries and obviously the Mall of Asia is worth a visit particularly to watch the sunset at around 5.30pm and enjoy a walk along the promenade and lots of different types of eateries from inexpensive to high quality. Do use the local transport - the jeepneys and metro - to get around, its very cheap and very efficient, don't just use taxis all the time. Robert United Kingdom 6.0 It’s conveniently located close to NAIA & MOA. It’s conveniently located close to NAIA & MOA. We stayed for a night. The rooms are old & tired but spacious & bed are big & comfortable. This hotel needs some updating and I would not call it a 4*. Sonia United Kingdom 10 My second time here in Manila and i”m alone from Malaysia. My second time here in Manila and i”m alone from Malaysia. Manila is the best & clean country. The food is the best. And you can google or search through tiktok if want to visit a nice or top place to visit☺️ The people also very generous of smiling and talk to me like we know for a long time but be careful with the scammer. Edwin Fernandes Malaysia 6.0 MANILA IS VERY CROWDED, TRAFFIC IS HORRIBLE, IT REMINDS ME... MANILA IS VERY CROWDED, TRAFFIC IS HORRIBLE, IT REMINDS ME OF LOS ANGELES AND SAN FRANCISCO WITH ALL THE SKYSCRAPERS. SHOPPING IS GREAT THERE AND THERE ARE ALOT OF DIFFERENT RESTAURANTS. i WOULD SUGGEST USING A GRAB CAR OR HIRING A DRIVER WITH A SHUTTLE IF YOUR IN A LARGE GROUP, SHOP AROUND FOR PRICING IF IN A LARGE GROUP deborah United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Manila See all Kingsford Hotel Manila Hotel in Paranaque, Manila From CAD 112 per night 7.9 Good 2,607 reviews Customer service was on point. They were quick to respond through email and messages. Especially with my special request. I would recommend them to anyone coming through to manila. Even upon check out they still allowed me to use the hotel WiFi as my flight is at night and I still had hours left before check in at the airport. Great job to all the staff from airport pick up right through to all the departments. Thank you so much Team. Show more Show less JiveLady679 Papua New Guinea 3N Palm Tree Villas Pasay, Manila From CAD 73 per night 7.9 Good 222 reviews This hotel belongs to the best hotels in this price range in Manila. It is close to the airport and they have Netflix, and even a pool. I had the chance to check some more hotels in Manila too, and I can tell you that most of them are really terrible and definitely worse than this, so if you found this hotel, and you can not significantly pay more for a night, just book it, do not hesitate, you will not find any better. Show more Show less Gábor Hungary Red Planet Makati Avenue Manila Hotel in Makati, Manila From CAD 43 per night 7.5 Good 2,132 reviews We didn't have breakfast at the hotel we ate at the local shops in the area , we have stayed at Red Planet makati before so it was what we expected with the facilities , the room was clean and tidy the air conditioning kept us cool when we needed to be cool.the double bed was nice and very comfortable and the location of the hotel is ideal being so close to Manila Airport just a short trip away in a taxi Show more Show less Terrence N Thomas Australia The Charter House Hotel in Makati, Manila From CAD 67 per night 8.0 Very good 353 reviews Customer Service is SUPERB. Hotel staff are very friendly and professional and very helpful. All of the staff, I mean from the hotel’s Security Guard to their facility people, all of them has a superb customer service. Location is very comfortable, just opposite Greenbelt 5, and Greenbelt 1 is just few steps away. I would recommend this hotel and will always book thus hotel whenever I’m in Manila/Makati. Show more Show less Luchi Singapore Stone House Hotel Pasay Hotel in Pasay, Manila From CAD 27 per night 7.1 Good 1,006 reviews Hello Everyone 🤗 I would like you to try Stone House Hotel if you're looking for a place to stay while in manila it's very affordable and the PlAce and food is Great all the staff especially to Miss Nylazil Canciller she's very kind she accommodate us very well the guard is so friendly Thank u so much ❤️ Show more Show less Eva Kuwait I'M Hotel Hotel in Makati, Manila From CAD 152 per night 8.1 Very good 1,133 reviews Relaxation at the heart of Makati. Despite being situated at a corner of the busy streets, it is peaceful inside the hotel. You can relax to your hearts content by booking one of their rooms and getting a complimentary access to their spa facilities. Truly a vacation experience while staying in Metro Manila. Show more Show less Jade United States Burgundy McKinley Place Condotel near OKADA MANILA Paranaque, Manila From CAD 110 per night 7.4 Good 146 reviews We were just in a layover in Manila and this hotel completely fits our purposes. Also, I left a shirt at the hotel and communicated with the staff, who promptly managed to provide a grab to deliver the shirt at the airport in my layover back and the end of the vacations. Show more Show less Tiago Macao The Heritage Hotel Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila From CAD 76 per night 8.0 Very good 1,864 reviews We only stayed one night in Manila but the staff at the Heritage were very helpful and welcoming. The atmosphere was inviting with live music in the bar area. The bar snacks were delicious. Hotel is close to NAIA Airport and staff arranged pick up and onward transfers. Show more Show less Mary United Kingdom Makati Diamond Residences Makati, Manila From CAD 192 per night 9.1 Superb 1,834 reviews Great hotel in Makati, we stayed one night after arriving in Manila (it is 15 minutes from the airport). The room was very large and clean and had a beautiful view on the city. Helpful staff. The breakfast was extremely good! I would choose it again! Show more Show less Giulia Denmark The Henry Hotel Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila From CAD 209 per night 8.6 Fabulous 49 reviews Phenomenal hotel in Pasay. Well located near airport, Manila Bay and Intramuros. The setting is magical , rooms are spacious and beautiful. Staff is super kind Food, albeit they don’t offer a wide choice, is good Show more Show less Luca Italy Savoy Hotel Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila From CAD 119 per night 8.2 Very good 2,040 reviews Fair offer if you are looking for an option to stay one night close to the airport and avoid the Manila traffic. You can reach the hotel by foot from the international terminal using the pedestrian overpass. Show more Show less Stanislas Spain Hotel 101 - Manila Hotel in Pasay, Manila From CAD 66 per night 8.8 Fabulous 9,034 reviews I love this hotel. Few mins walk from MOA, few mins cab to the airport. I love the staff. They are very accommodating and hospitable. They care about they’re guest. Great customer service! Show more Show less Nico Germany Hyatt Regency Manila City of Dreams Hotel in Paranaque, Manila From CAD 166 per night 8.6 Fabulous 571 reviews I had a long transit in Manila, and this Hotel is perfect because it is only 15 minutes away. Excellent facilities at the Hotel, and there is a casino too. Breakfast is delicious Show more Show less Cenciolo Saudi Arabia Achievers Airport Hotel Hotel in Pasay, Manila From CAD 55 per night 7.4 Good 1,001 reviews My 2nd stay within 2 weeks. This is my designated stopover hotel at Manila Airport! Staff service, especially receptionist Joanne, is welcoming as usual. Show more Show less S M WONG Singapore Hotel Kimberly Manila Hotel in Manila From CAD 85 per night 8.3 Very good 688 reviews The hotel is located near the Robinson’s mall about 5 mins walk and 8 mins to manila bay. polite and very helpful staff. the breakfast was very good! Show more Show less Hayder Iraq Rizal Park Hotel Hotel in Manila From CAD 115 per night 7.7 Good 215 reviews Very Grand Hotel in a great location for the old town in Manila and to get to the airport. Really friendly and helpful staff. Very secure hotel. Show more Show less Steve United Kingdom Siayan Travellers Inn Pasay, Manila From CAD 66 per night 7.6 Good 383 reviews This was our go to transport hotel in Manila. The staff were very helpful and excellent transport to and from the airport. Show more Show less Jillian Australia Okada Manila Paranaque, Manila From CAD 276 per night 9.0 Superb 5,186 reviews The hotel was amazing and the staff were so helpful and will always be staying at okada when visiting Manila. Show more Show less John Philippines Sheraton Manila Bay Hotel in Manila From CAD 190 per night 8.5 Very good 232 reviews A modern Hotel in a classic Manila location. Show more Show less Ken United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Car hire in Manila Hire a car and hit the road, whether that's A to B or for a longer road trip. Flights from London to Manila Find and compare the best flights. Hotels near Subic Bay Convention Center Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Newport Mall Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Flights to Manila Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hotels in Tagaytay Find more hotels in a city close to Tagaytay. Hotels in Clark Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Clark, not too far from Manila. Things to do in Manila How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels near Manila Ninoy Aquino International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Manila Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1847760|3,1847760,1870380|8,1871440,1846890,1870380|3,1866460,1870380