The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Rotorua, New Zealand - Rotorua hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Rotorua Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Rotorua hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels New Zealand Bay of Plenty Rotorua Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Rotorua – 271 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Rydges Rotorua 4 stars Hotel in Rotorua Located on the edge of Redwoods forest and overlooking the famous Whakarewarewa Geothermal Reserve and Historical Village, Rydges Rotorua features a purpose-built mountain bike and adventure equipment... krunal India Location and amenities. Kids Play area Show more Show less 8 Very good 4,357 reviews Price from CAD 191 per night Check availability Prince's Gate Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Rotorua The Princes Gate is a historical, boutique-style hotel in the centre of Rotorua. This classical 4-star hotel is opposite the Polynesian Spa and the famous Government Gardens. Teresa Tak Hay France - The interior decor of the hotel is very stylish and very pretty. - The room is clean and spacious though a bit dated - Staff was really helpful - really enjoyed the hot spas - breakfast was good quality even though not too many choices. - super convenient location right in the city centre Show more Show less 7.7 Good 2,971 reviews Price from CAD 184 per night Check availability Millennium Hotel Rotorua 4 stars Hotel in Rotorua Millennium Hotel Rotorua is perfectly situated next to mystical Lake Rotorua and the Polynesian Spa and offers rooms facing Lake Rotorua, the city or the hotel's garden courtyard. Jessica United States Great location overlooking the lake. Show more Show less 7.4 Good 2,800 reviews Price from CAD 150 per night Check availability VR Rotorua Lake Resort 4.5 stars Hotel in Rotorua VR Rotorua us enriched in ethnic history. It is this location where First Māori settlement was established in the region by Ihunga and his dog. Elisa Australia Staff were welcoming and attentive, requested for some items from the reception and they arrived within 60 seconds no kidding. Large sized room with good layout with study desk and dining table Great beds for sleep. Clean clean clean. Show more Show less 7.7 Good 2,904 reviews Price from CAD 83 per night Check availability Distinction Hotel Rotorua 4 stars Hotel in Rotorua The Distinction Hotel in Rotorua is only 500 metres from to the famous Whakarewarewa Thermal Reserve. This 4-star hotel offers 3 restaurants, a bar, heated spa pools and a fitness centre. Tiiff New Zealand Lovely clean rooms, nice and cool breeze with the air con - Late Check Out - Beautiful Breakfast. Lovely Staff. Awesome Pool - LOVE the restaurant options they have on site & Room Service. & Enjoyed my Bath 🥰 Show more Show less 7.6 Good 1,350 reviews Price from CAD 220 per night Check availability JetPark Hotel Rotorua 4 stars Hotel in Fenton Street, Rotorua JetPark Hotel Rotorua is a New Zealand owned and operated hotel which is ideally located just a short 5-minute walk from Rotorua town center. Jmesusanto Indonesia Awesome place with a good space, clean and nice interiors. Get the room with breakfast, definitely worth for money Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 1,510 reviews Price from CAD 178 per night Check availability Regent of Rotorua Boutique Hotel 4.5 stars Hotel in Rotorua The Regent of Rotorua Boutique Hotel boasts a heated outdoor pool, indoor mineral pool, restaurant and unlimited free Wi-Fi for guests to enjoy. Karen United States Clean, comfortable, safe, walked to dinner, mini frig. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 677 reviews Price from CAD 221 per night Check availability Black Swan Lakeside Boutique Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Rotorua Perfectly positioned on the edge of Lake Rotorua, Black Swan Lakeside Boutique Hotel offers a solar-heated swimming pool, a sauna and free Wi-Fi. fiona New Zealand staff were absolutely amazing. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 193 reviews Price from CAD 710 per night Check availability Urban Lounge Sleepery 4 stars Hotel in Rotorua Urban Lounge Sleepery is located in the town centre and overlooks Kuirau Geothermal Park. It is a 2-minute walk from the lake. Amanda Sweden Even if it’s under renovation it’s still really clean and nice. Staff is really helpful and really makes sure you have a good stay. Beds really comfy and big! Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 35 reviews Price from CAD 91 per night Check availability Newina Rotorua 5 stars Hotel in Rotorua Set in Rotorua, 5.5 km from Rotorua International Stadium, Newina Rotorua offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Abraham Singapore The location is just so near many attractions and staff are excellent and friendly! Show more Show less 9 Superb 204 reviews Price from CAD 205 per night Check availability See all 127 hotels in Rotorua Cheapest time to stay in Rotorua In August you can stay in Rotorua for an average price of CA$145 per night CA$294CA$235CA$176CA$117CA$59CA$0 CA$214 Jan CA$227 Feb CA$201 Mar CA$187 Apr CA$156 May CA$162 Jun CA$173 Jul CA$145 Aug CA$169 Sep CA$179 Oct CA$189 Nov CA$203 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Rotorua in the past month See all Arawa Park Hotel, Independent Collection by EVT Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 7.4 Good · 1,555 reviews Rydges Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 8.0 Very good · 4,359 reviews ibis Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 7.4 Good · 1,609 reviews VR Rotorua Lake Resort Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 7.7 Good · 2,904 reviews Novotel Rotorua Lakeside Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 7.5 Good · 3,797 reviews Pullman Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 8.1 Very good · 2,896 reviews Prince's Gate Hotel Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 7.7 Good · 2,972 reviews Newina Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 9.0 Superb · 204 reviews JetPark Hotel Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 8.1 Very good · 1,512 reviews Sudima Hotel Lake Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Popular with guests booking hotels in Rotorua 7.0 Good · 1,251 reviews Budget hotels in Rotorua See all JetPark Hotel Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Budget Hotel JetPark Hotel Rotorua is a New Zealand owned and operated hotel which is ideally located just a short 5-minute walk from Rotorua town center. Location, cleanliness, friendly and welcoming staff Avg. price/night: CAD 184.49 8.1 Very good · 1,512 reviews Regent of Rotorua Boutique Hotel Hotel in Rotorua Budget Hotel The Regent of Rotorua Boutique Hotel boasts a heated outdoor pool, indoor mineral pool, restaurant and unlimited free Wi-Fi for guests to enjoy. Great facilities, friendly staff and beautiful food 8.3 Very good · 678 reviews Distinction Hotel Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Budget Hotel The Distinction Hotel in Rotorua is only 500 metres from to the famous Whakarewarewa Thermal Reserve. This 4-star hotel offers 3 restaurants, a bar, heated spa pools and a fitness centre. breakfast, price, rooms were reasonable. Room service for food. Avg. price/night: CAD 245.43 7.6 Good · 1,353 reviews Millennium Hotel Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Budget Hotel Millennium Hotel Rotorua is perfectly situated next to mystical Lake Rotorua and the Polynesian Spa and offers rooms facing Lake Rotorua, the city or the hotel's garden courtyard. Location, friendly staff, loved the pool and Sauna Avg. price/night: CAD 181.99 7.4 Good · 2,800 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Rotorua See all Novotel Rotorua Lakeside Hotel in Rotorua Central location Centrally located on the shores of Lake Rotorua, Novotel Rotorua Lakeside features a restaurant, a fitness centre, a geothermal spa and hot pools. Location great nice lake close to park/playground Avg. price/night: CAD 224.56 7.5 Good · 3,797 reviews Copthorne Hotel Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua Central location Copthorne Hotel Rotorua is located midway between central Rotorua and the Whakarewarewa Thermal Reserve. Facilities include a heated outdoor pool. Guests enjoy free WiFi throughout. The room was clean and comfortable. The location was good. Avg. price/night: CAD 143.59 7.0 Good · 878 reviews AWA Hotel Hotel in Rotorua Central location Located within 6.2 km of Rotorua International Stadium and 9 km of Paradise Valley Springs, AWA Hotel features rooms in Rotorua. This 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Avg. price/night: CAD 149.01 Hana Lodge Hotel in Rotorua Central location Situated in Rotorua, 15 km from Rotorua International Stadium, Hana Lodge features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Avg. price/night: CAD 876.55 FAQs about hotels in Rotorua How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Rotorua? On average, 3-star hotels in Rotorua cost CAD 158 per night, and 4-star hotels in Rotorua are CAD 191 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Rotorua can on average be found for CAD 211 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Rotorua for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Rotorua this weekend is CAD 165 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 223. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Rotorua for this weekend cost on average around CAD 386 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Rotorua for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 140 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Rotorua for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 177 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Rotorua will cost around CAD 342 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Rotorua are good for families? Many families visiting Rotorua loved staying at Black Swan Lakeside Boutique Hotel, Newina Rotorua and Urban Lounge Sleepery. What are the best hotels in Rotorua near Blue Lake? Some of the best hotels in Rotorua near Blue Lake include Blue Lake TOP 10 Holiday Park, Ngamihi Lodge and te Whare -Lake Tarawera tree-top nest. What are the best hotels to stay in Rotorua? Newina Rotorua, Pullman Rotorua and JetPark Hotel Rotorua are some of the popular hotels in Rotorua. What hotels in Rotorua offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Rotorua that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Black Swan Lakeside Boutique Hotel, Newina Rotorua and JetPark Hotel Rotorua. What hotels in Rotorua are good for couples? These hotels in Rotorua are highly rated by couples: Newina Rotorua, Black Swan Lakeside Boutique Hotel and Urban Lounge Sleepery. What hotels in Rotorua have nice views? Black Swan Lakeside Boutique Hotel, Pullman Rotorua and JetPark Hotel Rotorua have received great reviews from travellers in Rotorua regarding the views from their hotel rooms. A Volcanic Land of Wonders Rotorua is living proof of the magnificent, and sometimes mind-boggling, might of nature. Smoking hot springs, bubbling mud pools and fast-spouting geysers give the surrounding landscape an almost other-worldly feel. This New Zealand city sits in the Waimangu Volcanic Valley, the world’s newest geothermal hotspot. It was created after the 1886 eruption that covered Te Wairoa Buried Village, between 2 of many lakes gracing this fertile terrain. By Lake Rotorua’s shores is the luxurious Polynesian Spa with its thermal pools. Just behind in Government Gardens are the city’s best cultural offerings: the Arts Village, Tamaki Maori Village and Rotorua Museum, in an elegant former bath house. Native animals roam in Rainbow Springs Kiwi Wildlife Park below Mount Ngongotaha, accessible via the Skyline cable car. The views while ascending make it obvious why this is called the Bay of Plenty. Tikitere Thermal Park on the opposite side of the lake is known as Hell’s Gate, but as long as you can ignore the sulphuric smell, the spas are simply heavenly. More springs are in Whakarewarewa Thermal Reserve, whose surrounding forest is popular for mountain biking, and Wai-O-Tapu where the Champagne Pool is a striking mix of green and orange. Booking.com’s accommodation range is as diverse as the scenery, encompassing luxury hotels, cheap hostels and motels near Rotorua Airport. Learn more about visiting Rotorua 6 attractions 14 points of interest 1 neighbourhood Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Rotorua: 10 I love the whole energy of the place. I love the whole energy of the place. Everyone is friendly and helpful. It is a tourist town but it doesn't feel cheap and tacky because of how lovely the locals are. I really loved the 3D maze and aMAZEme. Affordable family fun that lasts a while. The Polynesian Spa is also a wonderful indulgence, if you can get away from the kids. The Redwood tree top walk is an absolute must. The smell is something that hits you, but you get used to it. We had a hire camper van that was very large and we were not the best at driving it but the locals were very easy going about the challenge this causes and I was amazed at how congenial my driving experience was. Ooh, also...bunny mini golf! Sorsha 10 If you have not been before it is a must for all travelers. If you have not been before it is a must for all travelers. There are scenic sights and places to visit, things to do for everyone, all ages. Plus the uniqueness of Rotorua means it should be on everyones bucket list. Len New Zealand 10 Town definitely has better atmosphere than previous two... Town definitely has better atmosphere than previous two years. Plenty to do there for all ages. Excellent eateries. Lime, Hello, Capers, Garden Centre, Eat Street Shops well laid out. Excellent service Easy to get around. Elizabeth New Zealand 10 As a return traveler, I was keen to see the newly landscaped... As a return traveler, I was keen to see the newly landscaped lake front promenade which wends it's way along to the architecturally designed International Spa, and nearby Queen Elizabeth healing Clinic. Impressive! A past favourite of mine for lunch is the award winnng Patricks Pies at Sunshine Bakery followed by superb coffee and dessert at either Capers Cafe or The French Cafe. No time for adventure activities for me this visit but I do highly recommend any Redwoods Forest activities for visitors. clare New Zealand 10 Always something new to try although the cost is creeping up... Always something new to try although the cost is creeping up. Lovely tourist vibe. Plenty of shops withing walking distance and love the Maori culture splashed right through the city. We have our fo to places whenever we go. Michelle New Zealand 10 so many things to check out. so many things to check out. For spa lovers: Polynesian spa, Hell's gate mud spa, and another totally new one called Wai Ariki. For adventures, tree canopy tours are unforgetable, plus all kinds of all activities suitable for the whole family. For foodies, all kinds of restaurants and cafes available in Rotorua, plus handy supermarkets everywhere--with a bonus of Pak'nSave providing the lowest priced fuel! Yuejia (Aria) New Zealand Explore guest reviews of hotels in Rotorua See all Sudima Hotel Lake Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua From CAD 172 per night 7.0 Good 1,251 reviews Very nice hotel at honest price. We were very happy. Large room. Strong air con. Good wifi. Everything clean and good repair. Great breakfast buffet with cappuccino machines. Excellent location on the lake. Guest laundry is all free washer, dryer, and soap. Great opportunity to catch up with dirty clothes. Rotorua is an amazing area with lots to see. We had 5 nights here and could have spent a week or more without running out of activities. Show more Show less Jay in Texas United States B&B@The Redwoods Rotorua From CAD 225 per night 9.2 Superb 169 reviews I stayed at a lot of hotels during my month in New Zealand, but this was the nicest! Cozy, comfortable, quiet! So close to the redwoods and the treewalk, which is utterly wonderful day or night. Super convenient to Rotorua city center, but not close enough to be constantly smelling sulfur :) Vivien was a great host with lots of advice and helpful guidance. Plus she's just a joy to talk to over breakfast. Show more Show less Laura United States ASURE Rotorua International Motor Inn Rotorua From CAD 200 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,105 reviews Very accommodating for our family trip. Tidy rooms & kid friendly. The rooms had plenty of space & we loved the private spa. The TV is also the biggest we have seen in any Motel/Hotel. The beds & pillows were so comfortable I wish I had check the brands. Also the location is very easy to find & having supermarket, food stores & petrols stations within walking distance was perfect. Show more Show less Cherry New Zealand Aura Accommodation Rotorua From CAD 192 per night 9.0 Superb 1,195 reviews Very close to Rotorua lakefront, very walkable. Nice mineral soaking pools. Very eco-friendly practices - loved it! Best of all, the extremely, friendly, helpful and responsive staff. Shoutout to Chloe and Poppy who helped with early checkin, calling airport for lost water bottle, booking canopy tour, suggesting restaurants for vegetarians… they were so friendly and helpful. 5 stars and beyond!! Show more Show less Urmila United States Hideaway of Rotorua Rotorua From CAD 160 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,636 reviews Loved the new units. Have stayed frequently in the past and the new units are family friendly with views to the paddock with alpacas, rabbits and chickens that visit the rooms. Playground and grass area within view of units. Amenities were great. Nice and quiet. I often stay in Rotorua and this motel is way superior to others of similar price. Parking outside unit. Show more Show less Kathryn New Zealand VR Rotorua Lake Resort Hotel in Rotorua From CAD 83 per night 7.7 Good 2,904 reviews The overall impression was of a somewhat dated historic hotel, but overall pleasant. Nice grounds. The bed was comfortable and the large window with the lake view was a plus. The insect screens on the windows were also helpful. The hot tubs were nice, as was the normal pool. It's a nice touch that there are specific towels down there to be used poolside, too. Show more Show less Jules New Zealand Rydges Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua From CAD 191 per night 8.0 Very good 4,357 reviews The hotel as a whole was fantastic. The room was spacious and clean. Service levels were on point and breakfast at the main restaurant was great! The hotel is perfectly located just off Fenton street so it was quiet and a perfect getaway for the family. All the main attractions are a short distance away which is extremely convenient. Will definitely be back. Show more Show less Jankeeparsad New Zealand Millennium Hotel Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua From CAD 150 per night 7.4 Good 2,800 reviews My favourite hotel in Rotorua since i was a child. The facilties of the spa are still good. I like the beds and the view of the lake. This is always a draw card. I prefer this location because it’s more quiet and the hotel sits alone without so much traffic and noise. The rooms also have balconies. Something some of the other hotels don’t have. Show more Show less Jevan Australia Rotorua Motel Rotorua From CAD 134 per night 6.7 Review score 2,065 reviews BRUCE! Bruce at the front desk is the best part of this hotel. He is warm, friendly and engaging. He knows more about world affairs than most people from our own country. The room did have a tiny kitchenette and that part was amply supplied. Within walking distance to downtown Rotorua and the area's restaurants, shops and grocery stores. Show more Show less Stephanie United States The Bird House - Kawaha Point, Rotorua. Stylish six bedroom home with space, views and relaxed atmosphere Rotorua From CAD 688 per night 8.7 Fabulous 15 reviews We enjoyed a short weekend break with the extended family. The house was easily accessible from the main road. It is located in a quiet neighbourhood and had brilliant views overlooking Rotorua Lake. The view at sunset is exceptional. The kids had a great time playing in the yard and enjoyed the heated spa. Show more Show less Imtiaz New Zealand ROTORUA EASTSIDE APARTMENTS Rotorua From CAD 158 per night 8.7 Fabulous 172 reviews The bathroom is clean and good size, it also has an indoor plant inside. Bed sheet is white in colour, like a 5 star hotel. It is Value for money. It is a AirBNB stay, shared the house with the host. They even provide butter/Jam for your toast if you want. Show more Show less kkchan27 Australia Regal Palms Resort Rotorua From CAD 202 per night 9.0 Superb 1,002 reviews Loved this place! I’ve stayed at lots of hotels/motels in Rotorua before for various sporting events for my kids and I’d definitely be back to stay here again! Show more Show less Alison New Zealand Prince's Gate Hotel Hotel in Rotorua From CAD 184 per night 7.7 Good 2,971 reviews Great location. Suite was nice with a family. Hot tubs were great. We had dinner at the hotel. Excellent food. Hotel is lovely, it’s like going back in time. Show more Show less Pierre Switzerland Distinction Hotel Rotorua Hotel in Rotorua From CAD 220 per night 7.6 Good 1,350 reviews The hotel is so nice. We spent together with the family one night and was really relaxing weekend. I really recommend this place. Show more Show less Marisa Ortmann Argentina Silver Fern Rotorua Suites & Spa Rotorua From CAD 163 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,726 reviews love love loved the spa pool in the room, it was a hit with the family. hotel staff were all friends and accommodating Show more Show less Jenna New Zealand Novotel Rotorua Lakeside Hotel in Rotorua From CAD 191 per night 7.5 Good 3,796 reviews The hotel was so accommodating when we had to extend our stay because of bad weather and flight cancellations Show more Show less Robert United States Arawa Park Hotel, Independent Collection by EVT Hotel in Rotorua From CAD 126 per night 7.4 Good 1,555 reviews all was fine, nothing outstanding. spacious room and the hotel itself was large. Show more Show less Richard Gavey New Zealand Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in New Zealand Eager to explore more of New Zealand? Find hotels up and down the country! Hotels in Taupo Find more hotels in a city close to Taupo. Hotels in Hamilton Find more hotels in a city close to Hamilton. Hotels near Hobbiton Movie Set Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near ASB Baypark Stadium Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Flights from London to Rotorua Find and compare the best flights. Hotels in Fenton Street Explore Rotorua while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels near Tauranga Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Hamilton Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Rotorua Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760|3,1847760,1870380|7,1871440,1870380,1866460,1833870,1846890,1870380|3