The 10 best hotels & places to stay in New Delhi, India - New Delhi hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in New Delhi Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for New Delhi hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels India Delhi NCR New Delhi Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ New Delhi – 2,392 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Aloft New Delhi Aerocity 5 stars Hotel in South West, New Delhi Boasting a fitness centre and a garden, Aloft New Delhi Aerocity is located in New Delhi, 2 km from New Delhi International Airport. Krystal New Zealand Amazing staff and service! Loved our stay Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 3,441 reviews Price from CAD 159 per night Check availability Shangri-La Eros New Delhi 5 stars Hotel in Central Delhi, New Delhi The recently refurbished Shangri-La Eros New Delhi offers 5 dining options and an outdoor swimming pool. India Gate is 2.5 km and Jantar Mantar is 1.3 km away. Revital Israel nicely designed, very big rooms, come bed and excellent shower. breakfast was very rich in variety! Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 3,814 reviews Price from CAD 195 per night Check availability The Ashok, New Delhi 5 stars Hotel in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi Located in the capital city of India, The Ashok offers a host of facilities such as an outdoor swimming pool, spa and wellness centre and a fitness centre. Free WiFi access is available. Abhishek United States The location is fantastic - close to the airport as well as the Embassies. Well maintained hotel with good food, value for money! Show more Show less 6.6 Review score 2,150 reviews Price from CAD 130 per night Check availability Hotel The Royal Plaza 4 stars Hotel in Central Delhi, New Delhi Overview Hotel The Royal Plaza, New Delhi, is an elegant epitome of classical Italian architecture blended with the warmth of Indian hospitality. joseph Malawi The food and the members of staff in general were very good. very accommodative. Show more Show less 4.8 Review score 1,161 reviews Price from CAD 227 per night Check availability Eros Hotel New Delhi, Nehru Place 5 stars Hotel in South Delhi, New Delhi Set in South Delhi, Eros Hotel New Delhi, Nehru Place features an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. It is a 5-minute walk from Nehru Place Metro Station and 2.9 km from the Lotus Temple. Usman India Excellent location with the metro commute nearby and other amazing eating/shopping outlets. Show more Show less 7.4 Good 2,305 reviews Price from CAD 130 per night Check availability Park Inn by Radisson New Delhi IP Extension 4 stars Hotel in East Delhi, New Delhi Offering a rooftop indoor swimming pool and a fitness centre, Park Inn by Radisson New Delhi IP Extension is located in New Delhi. The Anand Vihar Bus Station is 400 metres. Vania New Zealand We loved our well appointed room and the whole hotel. We were nearly here for a month due to ending up in hospital. All the staff from reception right through to dinning were all so humble so caring so respectful nothing was a problem. The food was great. Multiple options given. Great beds great showers great service in every avenue. Show more Show less 7 Good 741 reviews Price from CAD 81 per night Check availability The Lodhi – A member of The Leading Hotels Of The World 5 stars Hotel in New Delhi Situated just 1 km from the tomb of the famous Mughal Emperor Humayun, The Lodhi is a luxurious property which features an outdoor swimming pool, free Wi-Fi throughout the property and a 24-hour front... Raquel Portugal We arrived very early in the morning, exhausted after a long flight and they let us use the spa, swimming pool and arranged us a smaller room to rest while our own room was not ready for check in. We stayed in a suit with a private swimming pool and it was just perfect! The food was great as well. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 623 reviews Price from CAD 336 per night Check availability Jaypee Siddharth 5 stars Hotel in New Delhi Located within a 5 km radius of Connaught Place and the New Delhi Railway Station, Jaypee Siddharth features a spa and wellness centre, and steam bath facilities. Balaram India Over all the stay was well and comfortable, the staff service and behaviour were very good and were very supportive. Food was also very good. Show more Show less 6.1 Review score 754 reviews Price from CAD 138 per night Check availability FabHotel White Klove Paharganj 3 stars Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Conveniently situated in the Paharganj district of New Delhi, FabHotel White Klove Paharganj is located 2.2 km from Gurudwara Bangla Sahib, 3 km from Jama Masjid and 3.4 km from Jantar Mantar. Mr. Sachin Batham India Good hotel and nearby New Delhi railway station Show more Show less 7.8 Good 1,074 reviews Price from CAD 33 per night Check availability Yes Boss By Backpackers Heaven Near New Delhi Train Station 3 stars Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Attractively set in New Delhi, Yes Boss By Backpackers Heaven Near New Delhi Train Station features air-conditioned rooms, free bikes, free WiFi and a shared lounge. adam Sweden I had a wonderful stay.location is good very peaceful place,staffs are very friendly and helpful people. Show more Show less 7.7 Good 1,375 reviews Price from CAD 16 per night Check availability See all 604 hotels in New Delhi Most booked hotels in New Delhi in the past month See all ibis New Delhi Aerocity - An Accor Brand Hotel in New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 6.8 Pleasant · 8,046 reviews Radisson Blu Plaza Delhi Airport Hotel in Mahipalpur, New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 8.1 Very good · 6,324 reviews Novotel New Delhi Aerocity- International Airport Hotel in New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 7.7 Good · 5,801 reviews Holiday Inn New Delhi International Airport, an IHG Hotel Hotel in New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 7.8 Good · 5,812 reviews Hotel Shivdev International, Near New Delhi Railway Station Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 6.5 Pleasant · 1,844 reviews Aloft New Delhi Aerocity Hotel in New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 8.2 Very good · 3,441 reviews The Ashok, New Delhi Hotel in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 6.6 Pleasant · 2,150 reviews The LaLiT New Delhi Hotel in New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 7.2 Good · 1,129 reviews The Leela Palace New Delhi Hotel in New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 9.1 Superb · 1,179 reviews Hotel Decent Suites - Delhi Airport Hotel in New Delhi Popular with guests booking hotels in New Delhi 7.5 Good · 2,084 reviews New Delhi's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Olivia Inn At Delhi Airport Hotel in Mahipalpur, New Delhi Breakfast options In a prime location in the Mahipalpur district of New Delhi, Hotel Olivia Inn At Delhi Airport is located 10 km from Qutub Minar, 12 km from MG Road and 15 km from Lodhi Gardens. Food is amazing Cheff really have good hand in food Avg. price/night: CAD 33.79 8.5 Very good · 1,096 reviews Aloft New Delhi Aerocity Hotel in New Delhi Breakfast options Boasting a fitness centre and a garden, Aloft New Delhi Aerocity is located in New Delhi, 2 km from New Delhi International Airport. 12 km from Jantar Mantar, the hotel offers a terrace and a shared... Incredibly kind and caring staff. Great facilities Avg. price/night: CAD 205.85 8.2 Very good · 3,441 reviews Andaz Delhi Aerocity- Concept by Hyatt Hotel in New Delhi Breakfast options This vibrant luxury 5-star hotel is located a 5-minute drive from the Indira Gandhi International Airport. the rooms and particularly the staff, the food was also great Avg. price/night: CAD 198.19 8.2 Very good · 1,744 reviews Vivanta New Delhi, Dwarka Hotel in Dwarka, New Delhi Breakfast options Spanning over 7 acres and offering an outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and a spa and wellness centre, Vivanta New Delhi, Dwarka is located is 500 metres from Dwarka Sector 21 Metro Station. Friendly and helpful staff and excellent customer service Avg. price/night: CAD 174.25 8.1 Very good · 2,713 reviews Sheraton New Delhi Hotel Hotel in Saket, New Delhi Breakfast options Featuring 5 Food & Beverage outlets, an outdoor swimming pool and a spa and wellness centre, Sheraton New Delhi Hotel is located in Saket. The Sheraton New Delhi Hotel has 220 rooms including suites. The staff were so polite and helpful. Very clean rooms. Avg. price/night: CAD 201.06 8.5 Very good · 1,319 reviews Pullman New Delhi Aerocity- International Airport Hotel in New Delhi Breakfast options Located 200 m away from the Delhi Aerocity metro station - Pullman New Delhi Aerocity offers 4 dining options and a bar. Beautiful location lovely property Loved the ambience Avg. price/night: CAD 239.36 8.2 Very good · 2,814 reviews JW Marriott Hotel New Delhi Aerocity Hotel in New Delhi Breakfast options Located just a 7-minute drive away from the Delhi International Airport, JW Marriott Hotel New Delhi Aerocity features a full-service spa, 4, food and beverage outlets and an outdoor swimming pool. Lunch was delicious concierge service was brilliant Avg. price/night: CAD 289.14 8.5 Very good · 1,183 reviews ITC Maurya, a Luxury Collection Hotel, New Delhi Hotel in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi Breakfast options Located in Chanakyapuri, ITC Maurya New Delhi, A Luxury Collection Hotel is 5.7 km from the iconic India Gate. An outdoor pool, spa treatments at Kaya Kalp Spa and 24-hour room service are available. everything awesome specially Biryani from Dum pukht Avg. price/night: CAD 258.51 8.0 Very good · 1,385 reviews Budget hotels in New Delhi See all Hotel Royale Avenue Hotel in New Delhi Budget Hotel Attractively set in the North Delhi district of New Delhi, Hotel Royale Avenue is situated 17 km from Red Fort, 18 km from Gurudwara Sis Ganj Sahib and 20 km from Feroz Shah Kotla Cricket Stadium. I got upgrade .tht suite was huge .stay was comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 46.35 9.3 Superb · 14 reviews The Prime Delhi Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Budget Hotel Situated in New Delhi, 2.3 km from Gurudwara Bangla Sahib, The Prime Delhi features accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Good hotel nice location Mr Amar very nice and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 123.59 8.2 Very good · 2,424 reviews Hotel Mannat international by Mannat Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Budget Hotel Ideally set in New Delhi, Hotel Mannat international by Mannat features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. Comfortable rooms, great facilities, helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 75.23 8.0 Very good · 1,818 reviews Hotel City Empire Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Budget Hotel Hotel Hotel City Empire is located in the Paharganj district in New Delhi, 2 metres from New Delhi Railway Station and 4.5 km from Jantar Mantar. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Staff were very cooperative and was neat and clean Avg. price/night: CAD 61.79 8.0 Very good · 2,587 reviews Hotel Blue Pearl Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Budget Hotel Blue Pearl is located in New Delhi. Free Wi-Fi access is available. The property is 1 km from Connaught Place, 4 km from India Gate and 6 km from Red Fort. The New Delhi Railway Station is 1 km. Amazing hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 84.51 8.1 Very good · 2,767 reviews Hotel Shri Vinayak at New Delhi Railway Station-By RCG Hotels Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Budget Hotel Hotel Srivinayak is located in New Delhi. Free Wi-Fi access and a 24-hour front desk are available. Rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and satellite channels. Excellent customer service and support 💯 Awesome staff Avg. price/night: CAD 55.21 8.0 Very good · 1,108 reviews The Leela Ambience Convention Hotel Delhi Hotel in New Delhi Budget Hotel The Leela Ambience Convention Hotel, Delhi hotel features contemporary rooms, fine dining options and a fitness centre. It also has an outdoor swimming pool and a spa. Location & ambiance of the property is really awsum. Avg. price/night: CAD 160.27 8.5 Very good · 1,648 reviews Hotel Krishna - By RCG Hotels Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Budget Hotel Hotel Krishna - By RCG Hotels is located in central New Delhi. A 5-minute walk from New Delhi Train Station and Metro Station, it features a restaurant and air-conditioned rooms. Every service is good, very clean space and very polite and able staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 89.06 8.0 Very good · 1,268 reviews Hotels located in the centre of New Delhi See all OYO Flagship 81741 Hotel Naseeb Near Jama Masjid Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Central location Situated in the centre of New Delhi, 3.2 km from Gurudwara Bangla Sahib, OYO Flagship 81741 Hotel Naseeb Near Jama Masjid features air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. 10.0 Exceptional · 4 reviews Hotel Baba Residency - By Fabstays Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Central location Hotel Baba Residency - By Fabstays features air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen TV in the Paharganj district of New Delhi. Avg. price/night: CAD 58.12 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review Jyoti Mahal - 05 Mins from New Delhi Railway Station Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Central location Boasting a terrace and a restaurant, Jyoti Mahal - 05 Mins from New Delhi Railway Station is attractively located in the centre of New Delhi, 2.5 km from Gurudwara Bangla Sahib. Beautiful place... Love the food... Amazing.. Trip..... Avg. price/night: CAD 90.87 9.4 Superb · 7 reviews The Connaught, New Delhi- IHCL SeleQtions Hotel in Connaught Place, New Delhi Central location The Connaught, New Delhi- IHCL SeleQtions Hotel is located at the centre of Connaught Place, just 1 km from Rajiv Chowk Metro Station. Location wise excellent for moving to any part of Delhi NCR Avg. price/night: CAD 172.34 8.7 Fabulous · 1,815 reviews Hotel S B INN Paharganj Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Central location Hotel S B INN Paharganj features air-conditioned rooms with satellite flat-screen TV in the Paharganj district of New Delhi. This 3-star hotel offers room service and an ATM. Very well located. Staff very friendly and hepful. Avg. price/night: CAD 35.77 8.3 Very good · 186 reviews Le ROI Express, Paharganj Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Central location Le ROI Express, Paharganj features air-conditioned rooms with satellite flat-screen TV in the Paharganj district of New Delhi. this hotel is very very nice and comfortable rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 51.04 8.1 Very good · 214 reviews Hotel Palace Heights Hotel in Connaught Place, New Delhi Central location Just 600 metres from Connaught Place, this hotel offers Wi-Fi accessible rooms with a flat-screen TV and DVD player. Situated in New Delhi, it features an Indian restaurant and 24-hour room service. very friendly and helpful staff, clean and nice room Avg. price/night: CAD 153.17 8.1 Very good · 433 reviews The Leena International -by Haveliya Hotels Hotel in Paharganj, New Delhi Central location Conveniently situated in the centre of New Delhi, The Leena International -by Haveliya Hotels provides air-conditioned rooms with free private parking and room service. very good stay, running hot water and helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 116.14 8.0 Very good · 494 reviews FAQs about hotels in New Delhi How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in New Delhi? On average, 3-star hotels in New Delhi cost CAD 66 per night, and 4-star hotels in New Delhi are CAD 88 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in New Delhi can on average be found for CAD 234 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in New Delhi for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in New Delhi this weekend is CAD 37 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 59. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in New Delhi for this weekend cost on average around CAD 320 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in New Delhi for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 36 per night to book a 3-star hotel in New Delhi for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 56 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in New Delhi will cost around CAD 480 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in New Delhi are good for families? Many families visiting New Delhi loved staying at OYO Airport Smart Stay, Hotel Kiara Near Delhi International Airport and OYO 81352 Nestorest Homestay. What are the best hotels in New Delhi near Sadar Bazaar? Some of the best hotels in New Delhi near Sadar Bazaar include Hotel Kaca Inn-by Haveliya Hotels, Hotel Shri Vinayak at New Delhi Railway Station-By RCG Hotels and Hotel Stay Well Dx. What are the best hotels in New Delhi near Delhi International Airport? Travellers who stayed in New Delhi near Delhi International Airport (DEL) have said good things about hotel ivy residency, Hotel The Rosewood Near Delhi IGI Airport and Hotel Kiara Near Delhi International Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in New Delhi? Maidens Hotel New Delhi, The Leela Palace New Delhi and OYO Flagship Jhankar Road are some of the popular hotels in New Delhi. What hotels in New Delhi offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in New Delhi that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Airport Hotel Kiara Near IGI Delhi, Hotel Royale Avenue and Maidens Hotel New Delhi. What hotels in New Delhi are good for couples? These hotels in New Delhi are highly rated by couples: Flagship Decent Residency, OYO Flagship 81128 Hotel Edisson and Capital O Del Inn. What hotels in New Delhi have nice views? Airport Hotel Kiara Near IGI Delhi, Ginger East Delhi and The Oberoi New Delhi have received great reviews from travellers in New Delhi regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Colourful Microcosm of India A part of supposedly one of the oldest existing cities in the world, New Delhi is an ultimate destination for those seeking mind-altering experiences. With almost an endless supply of interesting sites, this city offers more than just what meets the eye. From intimate temples to impressive promenades, from ancient ruins to 20th-century constructions, and from Metros to rickshaws – New Delhi is a city of strong contrasts and a true microcosm of Indian culture and history. Step through the Lahore Gate and explore the Red Fort, a famous red sandstone building with marble halls and gardens filled with streams and fountains. Or admire stunning Humayun’s Tomb, which has been described as the predecessor of the great Taj Mahal. But Delhi is not only about historic monuments, it’s also about thriving shopping and delicious cuisine! Its colourful and busy bazaars and super-modern malls are every shopper’s dream. Don’t miss the opportunity to try the best street food in the whole of India! The modern Indira Gandhi International Airport lies to the west of the city, a short ride from major places of interest. With over 350 hotels and bed & breakfasts available, Booking.com has the perfect accommodation for your New Delhi adventure. Learn more about visiting New Delhi 228 attractions 48 points of interest 34 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about New Delhi: 6.0 if only it was not polluted with bad air, then it would be a... if only it was not polluted with bad air, then it would be a fantastic place for visit. Getting around is done by Uber and it is easy to book. Experience the crazy traffic in Delhi where if you can drive in India, you can drive anywhere else. Zerg86 Singapore 4.0 New Delhi is crowded and dirty. New Delhi is crowded and dirty. While there are many kind and lovely people there, there are also many who are not. I'm glad I went, but I am not in a hurry to go back. Two days is plenty of time there. Wineaux United States 4.0 The Red Fort and India Gate are worth visiting, as well as... The Red Fort and India Gate are worth visiting, as well as Ghandi Park. Delhi is best visited as a major travel hub really, and probably the best and least troublesome mode of getting from A to B is via the metro, the line from Indira Ghandi Airport into New Delhi is lightly used, so is totally uncrowded. Sadly there are too many people there that deliberately mislead travellers and operate commission-taking scams to make it an enjoyable visit, and air quality due to smog is very poor for anyone with breathing difficulties. Shiva United Kingdom 8.0 I have visited New Delhi and the Golden Triangel a few times... I have visited New Delhi and the Golden Triangel a few times since 1985. The neighbourhood of the ministers residences and around the Parliment area is very clean and with good roads etc. Karol Bhag area needs a good clean up. Janpath area is well kept. Connaught Place is still attractive. Palika Bazar area is also still active with traders. sriram Malaysia 6.0 The pollution in New Delhi is very bad, we didn't see the... The pollution in New Delhi is very bad, we didn't see the sun at all during our stay. We got quite sick with food poisoning as well, so this effected our holiday. So be very careful where you choose to eat. We found the best food in the food courts in the large shopping centres. The monuments around New Delhi were amazing and certainly worth visiting, especially the Seek temple and the Lotus temple. If you plan to hire a car in New Delhi, please reconsider...its just too crazy and noone sticks to the road rules. Cate Australia 4.0 It was my first time of landing in India even if it was only... It was my first time of landing in India even if it was only for an over night transfer. Everything I’ve heard about India was true, and not in the good way. The second you step out of the terminal people try to hassle and manipulate you with one thing in mind, how to take your money and as much of it as possible. It could be for even answering your question about a Taxi and then asking for Bakshish. Then, I tried 2 different “hotels” which were supposed to be close to the airport. They are not ! And they are NOT hotels but apartments in a very sketchy area of Delhi - I didn’t dare shower, eat anything, use the toilet or their linen. Don’t fall for the nice pictures in Booking ! Go to a well known international chain hotel ! You’ll pay more but it’s worth it. I am completely put off from returning to India. Ilan Sivan Israel Explore guest reviews of hotels in New Delhi See all Bloomrooms @ New Delhi Railway Station Paharganj, New Delhi From CAD 74.52 per night 7.9 Good · 946 reviews This is Indian style hotel, but with all modern facilities. Very clean linen, shower, tv, on every floor there's free tea and coffee, hot water. 3 Bottles of water every day in the room. There is the big longe. Very very very helpful stuff. There is WiFi and two computers for working. Just near airport express, railway station, Main Bazar, subway station. The hotel can organize excursions, transfer. Next time in India I'll stay only here! alexustu Russia Hotel Shri Vinayak at New Delhi Railway Station-By RCG Hotels Paharganj, New Delhi From CAD 55.21 per night 8.0 Very good · 1,108 reviews The staff is so caring and the rooms and amenities are very good. The food is nice too. They also provide taxi services which is timely and cheaper as well. The hotels location is also very nice, in the main Paharganj, very near to New Delhi railway station and metro as well. Connaught place, India gate and all is also nearby so you can see that and return back to hotel without travelling much. Overall would surely recommend to all. Rajpratap India Novotel New Delhi Aerocity- International Airport New Delhi From CAD 181.91 per night 7.7 Good · 5,801 reviews The location of the hotel is amazing, very close to the airport. The staff is friendly and welcoming. Had to wait a bit for checkin but that is expected during corona. The room was spacious and very clean. Loved the number of sockets near the bed, super helpful in charging all my electronics. The food in room service was amazing, some of the best I have ever had in a 4-5 star hotel. Perfect experience, would stay here again. Apoorv Netherlands Sarthak Palace Paharganj, New Delhi From CAD 24.09 per night 7.8 Good · 470 reviews This hotel is at a good location and there are many restaurants and fruit shops nearby to eat and drink and all the tourist places are near from here. 1. India gate - 6.5 km 2. New delhi railway station - 1.2 km 3. National Zoological park - 7.7 km 4. Jantar mantar - 3.4 km 5. Red fort - 4.6 km 6. National rail museum - 10.1 km 7. Akshardham temple - 10.7 km etc Vivek India Hotel IGI Airport New Delhi From CAD 10.95 per night 7.4 Good · 262 reviews Exceptional Liked · Very nice place to stay here... Service staff behaviour is too good....and also.... location in central delhi Everything was too near from this hotel new delhi railway station.... metro station... and heart of the city 'CONNAUGHT PLACE'... everything u need from this market..... Really nice place to stay....👍 Carmela India AmigosIndia Chattarpur, New Delhi 8.5 Very good · 539 reviews It was pleasure staying in this place staff were very friendly it's the best hostel near airport with good amenities.and the best part is they have complimentary breakfast it's worth it over all the stay were awesome . I recommend every bagpackrs to stay in this place Great@amigosindia keep rocking guys KUMAR India Hotel City Star Paharganj, New Delhi From CAD 89.25 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,248 reviews We always stay at the Hotel City Star when in Delhi, we love the location, lots of things going on, the Main Bazaar and Connaught Place nearby and the New Delhi railway station so close. The staff are so friendly and always vey helpful and it's like being at home in Delhi. July.Ju Russia Sky Suites Mahipalpur, New Delhi 7.7 Good · 120 reviews it was the least expensive room in the three weeks in India. The room was passably clean and is only 15 minutes from the international airport. however, the hotel is on a very busy street so traffic will make a big difference to how long it takes to get to the airport. Rob Canada lodge Paharganj, New Delhi From CAD 21.89 per night 6.6 Pleasant · 87 reviews location was good on road side and hotel building was new Rooms size is large and bathroom was clean near New Delhi railway station & all best best market near by karol bagh, chandni chowk is nearest Rk ashram metro station is walking distance from to hotel Mirbahar India Hotel Stay Well Dx Paharganj, New Delhi From CAD 58.89 per night 8.1 Very good · 733 reviews We had an amazing stay at this hotel near New Delhi Railway Station, undoubtedly the best in the Paharganj area. The quick room service was impressive, ensuring our comfort and convenience. The staff was exceptionally helpful and friendly.. Antonate India Maidens Hotel New Delhi New Delhi From CAD 315.95 per night 9.4 Superb · 1,533 reviews Good hotel for Delhi, not like 5 stars in Europe, but decent enough. Everything was clean, personnel has good training. Breakfast ok, not so many western possibilities. I give a high review comparatively with another places in India Rafaelyo Romania The Leela Palace New Delhi New Delhi From CAD 459.57 per night 9.1 Superb · 1,179 reviews Service was exceptional. Staff at reception, concierge, in room services and airport transfers were superb. Breakfast was excellent- eat whatever you wanted. One of the best hotels I have stayed at in India. Will be back again. Amrita United Kingdom Hotel Vertu Mahipalpur, New Delhi From CAD 191.47 per night 6.8 Pleasant · 715 reviews Such a nice service and nice hotel I've never seen in my life, I booked a family ac room for a night. the room was nice and large with two double beds. any one needing a place to stay near airport with family its the best option Chawla Abkhazia Airport Hotel Ramhan Palace Mahipalpur Mahipalpur, New Delhi From CAD 56.71 per night 7.9 Good · 1,644 reviews I am enjoyed my stay with my friends. Excellent facilities, clean and comfortable room and friendly staff. A good restaurant with an excellent range of foods. best hotel near airport with cooperative staff every facility. Reema India Hotel Krishna Deluxe-By RCG Hotels Paharganj, New Delhi From CAD 52.97 per night 8.1 Very good · 902 reviews This hotel is located in a very convenient area close to the New Delhi Railway Station and central market Connaught Place. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was good in size and clean. peter India New Delhi YMCA Tourist Hostel Connaught Place, New Delhi From CAD 78.15 per night 6.5 Pleasant · 1,291 reviews good restaurant with good variety of indian food. breakfast is satisfying. centrally located in connaught place. ten minutes drive from new delhi railway station. overall good value of money Parth India Near New Delhi Railway Station Paharganj, New Delhi From CAD 32.12 per night 7.8 Good · 220 reviews The hotel is ideally located with great access to iconic places of Delhi - like the Connaught Place, Jama Masjid, New Delhi Railway Station, Red fort etc. The staff is jolly and helpful. Peeush India Hotel York Legacy -3 Minutes Walk From New Delhi Railway Station 'THE 5 STAR AMBIENCE' NEWLY BUILT Paharganj, New Delhi 8.6 Fabulous · 2,060 reviews Good hotel this was my 2nd time at this hotel good for families and staff for females as well best part is it is walking distance from New Delhi railway station. Kumar India Hotel Olive New Delhi New Delhi From CAD 46.98 per night 7.0 Good · 308 reviews best hotel i stayed near airport. no problem in reaching at the hotel. The room was amazing with best lightning and the staffs are professional. Manpreet India Andaz Delhi Aerocity- Concept by Hyatt New Delhi From CAD 198.19 per night 8.2 Very good · 1,744 reviews EVERYTHING BEST NEAR AIRPORT AND I RATE HAS BEST HOTEL NEAR AIRPORT ONE OF THE BEST IN DELHI MARUTHUR SANTOSH Nepal Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to New Delhi Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Hotels in India Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Agra Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Jaipur Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Delhi NCR Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in North Zone Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels near Embassy of the United States of America Find the perfect hotel in New Delhi with Embassy of the United States of America right on your doorstep. Hotels near New Delhi Railway Station Perfect for local transport links. Hostels in New Delhi More great accommodation options for your trip. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in New Delhi Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870380|3,1866460,1847760|3,1870380,1870380|8,1833870,1847760,1846890