The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Melbourne, Australia - Melbourne hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Melbourne Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Melbourne hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Australia Victoria Melbourne Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Melbourne – 2,623 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Victoria Hotel 3.5 stars Hotel in Melbourne CBD, Melbourne The Victoria Hotel offers contemporary accommodation and is located next to Melbourne Town Hall. It is just 6 minutes' walk from both Flinders Street Station and Federation Square. Daniela Chile Location was perfect close to everything. Chinatown around 3-4 min walk . St Paul's cathedral 8 min walk for give an example. The hotel is well maintained and the rooms were very clean. Staff was very friendly and gave us all the info that we required. Size of the room was perfect for a couple. We didn't have any problem with noises or anything. We have what we needed a room for rest after a long flight. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 10,744 reviews Price from CAD 112 per night Check availability Crown Promenade Melbourne 4.5 stars Hotel in Melbourne CBD, Melbourne Located in the centre of Melbourne, Crown Promenade Melbourne offers an infinity pool, an outdoor terrace and a fully equipped fitness center. WiFi is available. Richárd Hungary It was simply and absolutely amazing at a very competitive and affordable price point, even though it is located in a very flashy and fancy district owned and operated by the Crown casino chain. The staff is attentive, the hotel is spacious, and the breakfast is amazing, albeit somewhat pricey. The room is incredibly big; I would've fit 3 times on it. Amazing view, amazing service. Despite the traffic and the highways nearby, there was no noise whatsoever in the room, and we could sleep comfortably. The water in the swimming pool was also comfortably warm, not plain cold, even though the region was entering a winter season and outside temperatures suddenly dropped when we arrived. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 8,007 reviews Price from CAD 196 per night Check availability Atlantis Hotel Melbourne 4 stars Hotel in Melbourne CBD, Melbourne Just 700 metres from Marvel Stadium, Atlantis Hotel features a heated indoor swimming pool and a well-equipped fitness centre. All air-conditioned rooms offer a 32-inch flat-screen TV. Judy New Zealand Close to Southern Cross station for airport bus. 24 hour reception. Happy to store bags as we arrived early. Staff very pleasant and efficient. Good price. Very happy. Show more Show less 8 Very good 8,951 reviews Price from CAD 125 per night Check availability ibis Budget - Melbourne Airport 3 stars Hotel in Melbourne Just 500 metres from Melbourne International Airport, ibis Budget - Melbourne Airport offers air-conditioned rooms with a flat-screen TV, a desk and a private bathroom. Dias Australia next to the airport staff members are great .Shasi was helpful and informative . Show more Show less 6.2 Review score 4,683 reviews Price from CAD 178 per night Check availability The Langham Melbourne 5 stars Hotel in Melbourne CBD, Melbourne Situated on the banks of the Yarra River, The Langham, Melbourne features an indoor swimming pool with views across the city. Linda United States Staff is welcoming and friendly. Rooms are clean and easy to relax. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 4,457 reviews Price from CAD 292 per night Check availability Rendezvous Hotel Melbourne 4.5 stars Hotel in Melbourne CBD, Melbourne "Situated in the heart of the CBD, this 4.5-star hotel holds a prime location and is steeped in heritage. NICOLA Spain Beautiful hotel, very friendly and efficient service from staff Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 5,674 reviews Price from CAD 176 per night Check availability Mercure Melbourne Southbank 4 stars Hotel in Melbourne CBD, Melbourne Newly refurbished Mercure Melbourne Southbank is ideally located just 601m from Southbank Promenade on the Yarra River, a 10 min walk to the popular Bourke Street Mall, 15 minutes' walk from Crown... Steven New Zealand Location was great and buffet breakfast was delicious! Show more Show less 7.8 Good 4,475 reviews Price from CAD 141 per night Check availability Brady Hotels Central Melbourne 4.5 stars Hotel in Melbourne CBD, Melbourne Brady Hotels Central is a modern, 4.5 star hotel, centrally located in Melbourne CBD. Guests enjoy free high-speed WiFi and access to a cafe, bar and fitness centre. Koshal Sri Lanka I was given a wonderful surprise when I arrived at the reception where they upgraded my room to a Studio Apartment. I am totally grateful for that gesture. Also, there was a construction going on next door and I had requested a quiet room before I arrived and that is exactly what I got during my stay. Not at a single point in time did I find the construction affecting my stay. The room was spacious, the beds were comfortable, and had all the amenities. Plus a great balcony to see a small view of Melbourne Streets. I loved it. The Reception/Customer Service Staff were outstanding. All of them were friendly and helpful. They just were there to help out the guests whenever needed. The location was also extremely convenient. Walkable to Central Melbourne and access to a great part of the city within minutes. I really loved my stay at Brady and I have even recommended it to my friends to book it during their stay. They actually did book it too. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 2,362 reviews Price from CAD 128 per night Check availability Radisson On Flagstaff Gardens Melbourne 4 stars Hotel in Melbourne CBD, Melbourne This modern, 4.5 star hotel in Melbourne CBD is located opposite the Flagstaff Gardens and Flagstaff Garden Metro Station. It has a gym, a steam room and a hot tub. Louise T Australia The location is fantastic, being opposite the beautiful Flagstaff Gardens. On arrival, staff were friendly and helpful and we gratefully accepted the complimentary room upgrade. The room was clean and both the room and bed were large and comfortable. Prior to our stay we had some concerns about staying in an hotel in the city during a Covid quarantine issue but once we arrived at the Radisson, we immediately felt reassured at measures taken by the hotel to ensure guests safety and well-being. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and wouldn't hesitate (in fact, would love!) to stay again. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 3,014 reviews Price from CAD 144 per night Check availability Essence Hotel Carlton 3 stars Hotel in Carlton, Melbourne Just 5 minutes’ walk from the University of Melbourne and Lygon Street, Essence Hotel Carlton offers rooms featuring a 32-inch flat-screen TV. Victoria Indonesia Location very close to uni and city. Staff are nice and helpful. Show more Show less 7.5 Good 989 reviews Price from CAD 137 per night Check availability See all 558 hotels in Melbourne Cheapest time to stay in Melbourne In July you can stay in Melbourne for an average price of CA$122 per night CA$217CA$174CA$130CA$87CA$43CA$0 CA$148 Jan CA$145 Feb CA$169 Mar CA$135 Apr CA$137 May CA$124 Jun CA$122 Jul CA$126 Aug CA$129 Sep CA$135 Oct CA$143 Nov CA$145 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Melbourne in the past month See all Causeway 353 Hotel Hotel in Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 8.0 Very good · 7,364 reviews Crown Promenade Melbourne Hotel in Southbank, Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 8.7 Fabulous · 8,005 reviews Dorsett Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 8.6 Fabulous · 2,200 reviews Travelodge Hotel Melbourne Docklands Hotel in Docklands, Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 7.9 Good · 6,761 reviews Great Southern Hotel Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 7.5 Good · 7,449 reviews The Victoria Hotel Hotel in Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 8.1 Very good · 10,744 reviews Crown Metropol Melbourne Hotel in Southbank, Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 8.4 Very good · 7,881 reviews YEHS Hotel Melbourne CBD Hotel in Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 8.4 Very good · 9,009 reviews Crown Towers Melbourne Hotel in Southbank, Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 8.9 Fabulous · 5,116 reviews Stamford Plaza Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Popular with guests booking hotels in Melbourne 7.6 Good · 6,352 reviews Melbourne's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Indigo Melbourne on Flinders, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Melbourne Breakfast options Located in Melbourne's CBD, on the corner of Flinders Lane and Spencer Street, this hotel offers a garden terrace and a fitness centre. All rooms have a flat-screen TV with cable channels. Location, decor, staff, attention to detail, breakfast selection. Avg. price/night: CAD 182.22 9.1 Superb · 35 reviews Dorsett Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Breakfast options Located in Melbourne and with Melbourne City Conference Centre reachable within 1 km, Dorsett Melbourne provides concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. Very modern clean & well appointed and laid out Avg. price/night: CAD 169.53 8.6 Fabulous · 2,200 reviews AC Hotel by Marriott Melbourne Southbank Hotel in Southbank, Melbourne Breakfast options Set in Melbourne, 2.7 km from Sandridge Beach, AC Hotel by Marriott Melbourne Southbank offers accommodation with a terrace, private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Breakfast was beautiful and the location was perfect 👍 Avg. price/night: CAD 206.31 8.9 Fabulous · 1,182 reviews voco Melbourne Central Hotel in Melbourne Breakfast options Located in Melbourne, 400 metres from Melbourne City Conference Centre, voco Melbourne Central provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. Interior decoration was fantastic & it was very clean Avg. price/night: CAD 225.14 8.6 Fabulous · 1,732 reviews Hyatt Centric Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Breakfast options Located in Melbourne, 500 metres from Crown Casino Melbourne, Hyatt Centric Melbourne provides accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a restaurant and a bar. It’s in the heart of Melbourne you walk around easy Avg. price/night: CAD 201.82 8.6 Fabulous · 1,151 reviews Holiday Inn Express Melbourne Little Collins, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Melbourne Breakfast options Holiday Inn Express Melbourne Little Collins, an IHG Hotel has a fitness centre, shared lounge, a restaurant and bar in Melbourne. Reasonable choice for breakfast and we'll set up. Avg. price/night: CAD 178.50 8.3 Very good · 2,731 reviews Movenpick Hotel Melbourne On Spencer Hotel in Melbourne Breakfast options Attractively set in the centre of Melbourne, Movenpick Hotel Melbourne On Spencer features air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant and a fitness centre. Clean, accessible to public transport , great location in the city. Avg. price/night: CAD 190.88 8.7 Fabulous · 1,259 reviews Melbourne Marriott Hotel Docklands Hotel in Docklands, Melbourne Breakfast options Melbourne Marriott Hotel Docklands has an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre, a restaurant and bar in Melbourne. Lovely modern hotel, very clean, great quality furnishings. Avg. price/night: CAD 197.34 8.6 Fabulous · 1,375 reviews Budget hotels in Melbourne See all Element Melbourne Richmond Hotel in Melbourne Budget Hotel Situated in Melbourne, 3.8 km from Melbourne Cricket Ground, Element Melbourne Richmond features accommodation with free bikes, private parking, a fitness centre and a shared lounge. We loved everything from the greeting to check out. Avg. price/night: CAD 151.59 8.6 Fabulous · 1,019 reviews ibis Melbourne Central Hotel in Melbourne Budget Hotel Conveniently situated in the heart of Melbourne CBD (Central Business District), ibis Melbourne Central features an on-site restaurant, cafe, bar, fitness centre and conference facilities. Excellent locations and facilities- love staying here Avg. price/night: CAD 109.43 8.2 Very good · 4,058 reviews Novotel Melbourne South Wharf Hotel in Melbourne Budget Hotel Located in the historic South Wharf Promenade in Melbourne, the four star Novotel Melbourne South Wharf was built in 2017. Location to restaurants, entertainment and shopping. Avg. price/night: CAD 174.02 8.5 Very good · 4,500 reviews Brady Hotels Central Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Budget Hotel Brady Hotels Central is a modern, 4.5 star hotel, centrally located in Melbourne CBD. Guests enjoy free high-speed WiFi and access to a cafe, bar and fitness centre. Great location. Very professional and helpful staff Avg. price/night: CAD 128.45 8.4 Very good · 2,362 reviews Tolarno Hotel Hotel in Melbourne Budget Hotel Tolarno Hotel features original local artwork, stylish guest rooms and free WiFi. Our go to place whilst in town- location, location Avg. price/night: CAD 142.62 8.0 Very good · 1,388 reviews Miami Hotel Melbourne Hotel in West Melbourne, Melbourne Budget Hotel Located 1 km north of Melbourne CBD (Central Business District), Miami Hotel Melbourne offers rooms with limited unlimited free WiFi. Close to trams and the cafe strip in Errol Street. Avg. price/night: CAD 104.59 8.2 Very good · 2,175 reviews The Victoria Hotel Hotel in Melbourne Budget Hotel The Victoria Hotel offers contemporary accommodation and is located next to Melbourne Town Hall. It is just 6 minutes' walk from both Flinders Street Station and Federation Square. It was everything we needed, comfortable and clean Avg. price/night: CAD 120.20 8.1 Very good · 10,744 reviews Atlantis Hotel Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Budget Hotel Just 700 metres from Marvel Stadium, Atlantis Hotel features a heated indoor swimming pool and a well-equipped fitness centre. All air-conditioned rooms offer a 32-inch flat-screen TV. Convenient location. Loved access to pool and gym. Avg. price/night: CAD 133.79 8.0 Very good · 8,950 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Melbourne See all The Howey Hotel in Melbourne Central location Ideally situated in the Melbourne CBD district of Melbourne, The Howey is situated 600 metres from Melbourne City Conference Centre, 700 metres from State Library of Victoria and 700 metres from... Clean tidy comfortable room with modern facilities Avg. price/night: CAD 223.62 9.1 Superb · 82 reviews QT Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Central location Located in the heart of Melbourne, just 200 metres from the Regent Theatre, QT Melbourne features a terrace and views of the city. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant, cafe or bar. Very central, clean, comfortable and great facilities. Avg. price/night: CAD 309.19 8.9 Fabulous · 2,619 reviews Meriton Suites King Street Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Central location Less than 1 km from Crown Casino Melbourne, Meriton Suites King Street Melbourne is situated in Melbourne and features free WiFi, concierge services and express check-in and check-out. Immaculate facilities, friendly staff and excellent location. Avg. price/night: CAD 143.52 8.9 Fabulous · 336 reviews Quay West Suites Melbourne Hotel in Southbank, Melbourne Central location Surrounded by shops and restaurants in Melbourne CBD, this 5-star hotel offers spacious suites with LCD TVs, balconies, and panoramic views over Yarra River. Everything we needed was available which was great. Avg. price/night: CAD 296.01 8.9 Fabulous · 2,218 reviews Zagame's House Hotel in Carlton, Melbourne Central location Situated in Melbourne, 800 metres from Melbourne Central Station, Zagame's House features accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. Fantastic location Great rooms and friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 232.32 8.9 Fabulous · 2,401 reviews The Westin Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Central location The Westin Melbourne is conveniently located in Melbourne CBD, just 2 minutes' walk from Federation Square, Flinders Street and Bourke Street Mall. Great location, friendly staff, fantastic service! Avg. price/night: CAD 304.98 8.8 Fabulous · 879 reviews Vibe Hotel Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Central location Vibe Hotel Melbourne features a fitness centre, shared lounge, a restaurant and bar in Melbourne. great location, friendly staff, clean, good breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 203.62 8.8 Fabulous · 4,614 reviews W Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne Central location One of Melbourne's first luxury lifestyle hotels, W Melbourne is located in the CBD on Flinders Lane. The staff were absolutely fantastic, so welcoming! Avg. price/night: CAD 301.39 8.8 Fabulous · 2,410 reviews FAQs about hotels in Melbourne How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Melbourne? On average, 3-star hotels in Melbourne cost CAD 123 per night, and 4-star hotels in Melbourne are CAD 213 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Melbourne can on average be found for CAD 326 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Melbourne for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Melbourne this weekend is CAD 188 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 299. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Melbourne for this weekend cost on average around CAD 476 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Melbourne for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 154 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Melbourne for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 246 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Melbourne will cost around CAD 371 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Melbourne are good for families? Many families visiting Melbourne loved staying at The Howey, Quest Collingwood and The Motley Hotel. What are the best hotels in Melbourne near Crown Casino Melbourne? Some of the best hotels in Melbourne near Crown Casino Melbourne include Modern 3 Bedroom 2 Bathroom Apt Southbank, ‘Sunrise on Aura’ Apartment with stunning views. and Melbourne City Apartments Panoramic Skyview Penthouse. What are the best hotels to stay in Melbourne? Next Hotel Melbourne, Park Hyatt Melbourne and Rydges Melbourne are some of the popular hotels in Melbourne. What hotels in Melbourne offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Melbourne that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Hotel Indigo Melbourne on Flinders, an IHG Hotel, Quest Collingwood and The Motley Hotel. What hotels in Melbourne are good for couples? These hotels in Melbourne are highly rated by couples: The Motley Hotel, Quest Collingwood and Treasury on Collins. What hotels in Melbourne have nice views? The Ritz-Carlton, Melbourne, Adina Apartment Hotel Melbourne, Pentridge and Pullman Melbourne On the Park have received great reviews from travellers in Melbourne regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Buzzy Jewel of Aussie Rules A thoroughly liveable city, Melbourne has a buzzy vibe and an Aussie sense of fun. There’s always something going on, and one of its many festivals is Moomba – Australia’s largest free arts festival. Well worth a visit are the National Gallery of Victoria and the Melbourne Aquarium, whose highlight is walking through a clear tunnel as sharks swim over your head. The city’s most recognisable landmark is Flinders Street Station, whose yellow and green façade matches the colour of the historic Melbourne trams that still run around the world’s longest tram network. Keep an eye out for the street art as you travel. Shopping in Melbourne is fantastic. Queen Victoria Market is the largest open-air market south of the Equator, while the La Trobe Street shopping centre has over 300 stores. For food, don’t miss Little Italy - the Carlton area. South of the Yarra River is St Kilda, home to the best beach and Albert Park, where the F1 Australian Grand Prix is held. However, this is not the city’s only sporting heritage. It’s also the home of Aussie Rules football and the MCG, a must-see for cricket fans. Booking.com has a range of Melbourne accommodation from hotels to hostels and motels, some near Melbourne Airport. Learn more about visiting Melbourne 219 attractions 68 points of interest 31 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Melbourne: 10 Vibrant city,Free trams in city, easy to travel everywhere. Vibrant city,Free trams in city, easy to travel everywhere. Restaurants, too many to choose from. Arty lane ways just lovely to see. Theaters, art galleries. we ate in small little places on alley ways, food was great. Pubs had great food too. Just loved sitting in front of Bourke st Mall, people going on their business and kids loving Christmas window at Myers, Bluey everyone's favorite. Mirja Australia 8.0 The tram stop 6 mins walk from property with easy access to... The tram stop 6 mins walk from property with easy access to CBD, Docklands and connections outside Flinders Street Station to take you any direction We travelled on StKilda Rd to Shrine of Remembrance & Royal Botanical Gardens William Australia 2.0 Sadly I have to come to Melbourne around once a year for... Sadly I have to come to Melbourne around once a year for work and family. But ideally I never would. I will concede it has good coffee. Though I assume it's purpose is to trick people into thinking they are still in a civilized part of Earth. You shouldn't come here. If you are here, you should leave, and I am sorry for your torment. You probably can't leave though, because you will be in traffic until the next lockdown, when you will be arrested for trying to escape. Jason Hungary 10 Free city trams were great! Free city trams were great! Restaurants,cafes excellent variety. The activities available were good. Loved all the amazing modern buildings as well as the beautiful terrace houses & gardens. The road works & construction sites were noisy and caused a lot of traffic delays. Loved all the Christmas decorations 🎄 Ottorina Australia 8.0 Environment and proximity to Port Melbourne, Albert Park,... Environment and proximity to Port Melbourne, Albert Park, Middle Park, South Melbourne and Melbourne make it accessible ( with good public transport and walking/cycling options) and pleasant areas to visit or shop in. Plenty of eating and drinking venues to suit most visitors. Possibly too many choices if you are prepared to travel around. Barry New Zealand 10 Melbourne is a fabulous city for theatres, concerts,... Melbourne is a fabulous city for theatres, concerts, galleries and shows. the food venues have quality offerings at reasonable prices. if you want a break from the city life access to public transport out of the city is easy and accessible. Sharon Australia Explore guest reviews of hotels in Melbourne See all Oaks Melbourne Southbank Suites Southbank, Melbourne From CAD 161 per night 7.9 Good 3,344 reviews You cannot fault the location of The Oaks. Very central and within walking distance to Crown casino, DFO outlet, Melbourne CBD just across the bridge and all the lovely restaurants along the Southbank promenade. Apartment was serviced day. Views of the Melbourne skyline are fabulous. The foyer and rest of the hotel was very clean. We had the 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment and it was very spacious and comfortable. Fully functional kitchen was stocked daily with tea/coffee etc. Show more Show less MPasqua63 Australia Rendezvous Hotel Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne From CAD 176 per night 8.3 Very good 5,674 reviews Great location. This is one of the most convenient location you can get around Melbourne CBD in terms of transport, shopping, dining. Good quality continental breakfast buffet although the range of selection is not that big. The window has good sound proof to block the noise outside. Friendly front desk staff. They also allowed to extend my checkout to 12pm (normally 11am) as it helped me a lot to sort out a personal issue. Show more Show less Shuman Australia Aussie Escape Apartments Melbourne From CAD 469 per night 8.6 Fabulous 590 reviews The apartment is very near the Southern Cross Station, just five minutes walk ahead! There is also a tram station just in front of the apartment’s entrance and it was located in the free tram zone, we can just travel around in the Melbourne CBD without paying anything! The room is also very clean and tidy. We arrived in Melbourne in the midnight, we just collected the keys from the Ezymart staff. Easy check in! Show more Show less Esther Philippines Great Southern Hotel Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne From CAD 85 per night 7.5 Good 7,449 reviews Location is excellent; it is only mins walk away from Southern Cross station in CBD. Great access to many sights including Melbourne Park, the aquarium, Southern Melbourne market and museums including Immigration and National Gallery of Victoria. It's a no-frills hotel so you can get a decent place for cheaper if you don't need housekeeping service. Show more Show less Steven Canada Melbourne Holiday Apartments Flinders Wharf Docklands, Melbourne From CAD 318 per night 8.9 Fabulous 228 reviews The proximity of these apartments to both the pleasures of Southbank and South Melbourne, as well as having super easy access to the CBD and Docklands is wonderful. It's great to have cooking facilities. Also, I had a minor emergency at 1:00am and they had help to me within 20 minutes - it was fabulous. Show more Show less Caylith Australia Art Series - The Cullen Hotel in Prahran, Melbourne From CAD 152 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,089 reviews I travelled to Melbourne for a wedding & spent the night here - very nice room for a reasonable price (especially compared to other hotels in early November, ie. spring carnival time!). Staff were friendly & helpful. Hotel is a good location if you want to be close to the SE suburbs, plus the CBD. Show more Show less Laura Australia Flinders Luxury Penthouse Melbourne From CAD 429 per night 9.3 Superb 32 reviews Best views in Melbourne and total privacy on the massive Yarra facing balcony. Views from virtually the entire apartment. Great location to explore Melbourne CBD, Southbank and Docklands area. Friendly and efficient communications with host. Thoughtful extras left in the kitchen for our stay. Show more Show less Peter MJ Australia Winston Apartments Docklands Docklands, Melbourne From CAD 214 per night 7.9 Good 2,911 reviews Despite that I thought I was booking the CBD apartments and arriving at the Docklands instead was a bit of a surprise, we really enjoyed the location. It was quiet and there was a tram stop right outside making travel around Melbourne very easy. The room was large, clean and well equipped. Show more Show less Kate Australia Punthill Ivanhoe Melbourne From CAD 159 per night 7.9 Good 508 reviews Ultra-modern, full facilities and amenities in the room. centrally located to restaurants and grocery stores. Outskirts of the CBD so not as busy and loud. Close to hospitals and activities on the north side of Melbourne and a short drive to the Airport. Economical onsite parking. Show more Show less michael Australia Dorsett Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne From CAD 170 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,203 reviews Highly Recommend ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ I myself will be staying here for my future visits to Melb CBD. I now wouldn't hesitate to stay at any of the Dorsett hotels in other Cities. Classy boutique hotel. Location, public transport availability, local restaurants and wine bars. Show more Show less Teresa Australia Spencer Street Apartments West Melbourne, Melbourne From CAD 262 per night 8.5 Very good 1,385 reviews Location was good, it was in the city CBD on the side, you could still walk and catch a tram if you wanted or drive. The apartments are like brand new. The gym and pool and spa were awesome, my kids loved the heated pool and spa and the pool was so big. Show more Show less Joyce Australia Europa Melbourne Melbourne From CAD 44 per night 7.8 Good 2,724 reviews 1. Very central location in Melbourne CBD. 2. Accessible to free city trams, Queen Victoria Market, nearby eateries. 3. Complete kitchen facilities with good breakfast. 4. Plenty of bathrooms, and most importantly very clean. 5. Lovely staff. Show more Show less Muhammad Singapore Oaks Melbourne on Collins Hotel Melbourne From CAD 134 per night 6.8 Review score 4,267 reviews The location is the best part about this hotel; central to everything, a short walk to all main attractions in Melbourne CBD. The room I had was nice and spacious, with a good view of the city. Price was also good. Show more Show less Grace Australia The Howey Hotel in Melbourne From CAD 224 per night 9.1 Superb 83 reviews Outstanding, brand new hotel in the heart of Melbourne CBD. The design, attention to detail, staff and cleanliness were top-shelf. We're frequent travellers and will definitely be back! Show more Show less Avidor Netherlands Hotel Grand Chancellor Melbourne Hotel in Melbourne From CAD 127 per night 7.6 Good 7,772 reviews A good sized clean room with a limited view. The hotel was in walking distance to all major areas of Melbourne CBD. All staff I came in contact with were pleasant and helpful. Show more Show less Ronald Australia The Victoria Hotel Hotel in Melbourne From CAD 112 per night 8.1 Very good 10,744 reviews Facilities for price were great. Access to Melbourne CBD was easy. Hotel bar and restaurant very handy and reasonably priced. Staff friendly and helpful, 11am checkout. Show more Show less Lorraine Australia Imagine Marco Southbank, Melbourne From CAD 170 per night 7.6 Good 3,737 reviews Fantastic hotel with all the facilities you could want. Brand new building and fantastic room. Perfect location for Southbank and Melbourne CBD too Show more Show less James New Zealand Clarion Suites Gateway Hotel in Melbourne From CAD 170 per night 8.5 Very good 3,323 reviews Love the location love the views, this is my hotel of choice when staying in the CBD Show more Show less Amber Australia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Avalon Airport Jet into this airport to explore Melbourne at your leisure. Compare flights, fares and airlines – all in one place. Flights to Melbourne Airport Jet into this airport to explore Melbourne at your leisure. Hotels near Peninsula Hot Springs Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Waterfront Geelong Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels in Sydney Discover another destination in Australia. Hotels in Brisbane Discover another destination in Australia. Hotels in Melbourne CBD Explore Melbourne while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Southbank Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Visit Melbourne Everything you need to know about your destination. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Melbourne Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1870380|8,1846890,1870380|3,1870380,1847760,1866460,1847760|3,1871440