The 10 best cottages in Ottawa, Canada | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Cottages in Ottawa Charming and idyllic; a cottage break is the perfect getaway. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home All cottages Canada Ontario Ottawa The 10 Best Cottages in Ottawa, Canada Check out our pick of great cottages in Ottawa Show hotels on map Filter by: Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Capital’s Retreat: King Suite, Smart home, WFH Ottawa The spacious holiday home with a terrace and quiet street views features 2 bedrooms, a living room, a flat-screen TV, an equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, and 2 bathrooms with a bath. Featuring air conditioning, this unit has a dressing room and a fireplace. For added privacy, the accommodation has a private entrance and soundproofing. Voisin Canada great location and attentive staff Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 7 reviews Price from CAD 165.60 per night Check availability Bnl’s Suite Ottawa The spacious holiday home with a terrace and garden views has 3 bedrooms, a living room, a flat-screen TV, an equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, and 2 bathrooms with a bath. Guests can enjoy an ambient stay in their soundproof room with parquet floors and a fireplace. This holiday home is allergy-free and non-smoking. Christina New Zealand Nice home. We loved staying here. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 11 reviews Price from CAD 303.75 per night Check availability Tranquil Nest By The Airport Ottawa The spacious holiday home features 3 bedrooms, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, a washing machine, and 4 bathrooms with a walk-in shower. The property also has 4 bathrooms featuring a bath and bathrobes, and towels and bed linen are included. There is also a seating area and a fireplace. Alkarim Canada Our time at Tranquil Nest By The Airport was truly delightful! The host's attention to detail and commitment to guest comfort were evident throughout. The house was both stylish, modern, new and extremely comfortable, providing a perfect retreat. The location was perfect, just outside the hustle and bustle of the city centre yet just a short drive to downtown Ottawa offering a blend of tranquility and accessibility to nearby points of interest like great restaurants, supermarkets and anything and everything you need. From the seamless check-in process to the thoughtful amenities, it was evident that the host went above and beyond to make the stay exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Tranquil Nest By The Airport to anyone looking for a memorable and enjoyable travel experience in Ottawa. I know for a fact that when in Ottawa, this will be the only place we will stay at. THANK YOU! 🙏🏽 Show more Show less 9.9 Exceptional 16 reviews Price from CAD 182.25 per night Check availability Joe & Aby's Luxury Getaway - 4 Bedrooms with 2 King & 2 Queen Beds Ottawa The spacious villa comes with 4 bedrooms, a flat-screen TV with streaming services and a fully equipped kitchen that provides guests with a dishwasher, an oven, a washing machine, a microwave and a toaster. Featuring air conditioning, this unit has a dressing room and a fireplace. This villa is allergy-free and non-smoking. Darianny Esther Canada We loved our stay in the house, everything was very beautiful, clean and tidy, it provides more than you could really ask for, 100% recommended, Thank you very much for everything. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 12 reviews Price from CAD 448.50 per night Check availability 4 bedroom 4parking can cook Fireplace,Office Ottawa Situated in Ottawa, 4 bedroom 4parking can cook Fireplace, Office is a sustainable accommodation, 23 km from Rideau Locks and 24 km from Peace Tower. The air-conditioned accommodation is 21 km from Ottawa Train Station, and guests can benefit from complimentary WiFi and private parking available on site. The property is non-smoking and is located 24 km from Ottawa Convention Centre. Michelle Canada The properly is enough for a family of seven. It was a quiet and comfortable place. There are toys for small children and there is a playground beside the house. We had a great stay. It feels like home away from home. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 7 reviews Price from CAD 202.16 per night Check availability New Build-PrimeTV-Movie-Games-Airport 10 mins Ottawa Set in Ottawa, the recently renovated New Build-PrimeTV-Movie-Games-Airport 10 mins offers accommodation 14 km from TD Place Stadium and 18 km from Supreme Court of Canada. The air-conditioned accommodation is 8.7 km from EY Centre, and guests can benefit from private parking available on site and free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is located 18 km from Canadian War Museum. Greg Arbo United States Very nice new housing complex. Close to food, entertainment, and things to do in Ottawa. Show more Show less 9 Superb 18 reviews Price from CAD 128.25 per night Check availability King Beds, Jacuzzi, 18mins D-Town & 7mins Ottawa Airport Ottawa Boasting a game console, the villa has a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, 3 living rooms with a seating area and a dining area, 5 bedrooms, and 4 bathrooms with a hot tub and a shower. The air-conditioned accommodation also features a flat-screen TV and 4 bathrooms with a hair dryer. The accommodation offers a fireplace. Coleen Canada Large home great for our family group. Very nice host, even shovelled the walkway and salted! Show more Show less 9 Superb 6 reviews Price from CAD 484.20 per night Check availability 3 bedroom town house in ottawa close to downtown Ottawa A sustainable holiday home located in Ottawa, 3 bedroom town house in ottawa close to downtown features a tennis court. The air-conditioned accommodation is 17 km from Ottawa Train Station, and guests can benefit from private parking available on site and free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is situated 19 km from Rideau Locks. Ruscitti Canada I liked the space and location. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 15 reviews Price from CAD 260.10 per night Check availability JstLikeHome - Getaway Ottawa JstLikeHome - Getaway, a property with a garden, is set in Ottawa, 6.5 km from Ottawa Train Station, 9 km from Rideau Locks, as well as 9.2 km from Peace Tower. This property offers access to a terrace, free private parking and free WiFi. The holiday home has family rooms. Vnk Snxz Mexico Location was great, I had a few issues with the app and the host helped me resolved them and get into the house. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 111 reviews Price from CAD 128 per night Check availability Beautiful Nest By The Airport Ottawa Featuring garden views, Beautiful Nest By The Airport offers accommodation with a balcony, around 3.8 km from EY Centre. This property offers access to a terrace, free private parking and free WiFi. The accommodation features a shared kitchen and full-day security for guests. Nana Canada The house was beautiful. Personally, it met my expectations. I liked the disposition and appearance of the bedrooms, kitchen, living room, and decorations. It was clean, secure, and organized and seemed like an exceptional living space. Another thing I'd like is that the surrounding neighborhood seemed calm and friendly. That's exactly what I was looking for. Thank you. Show more Show less 8 Very good 5 reviews Price from CAD 230.42 per night Check availability All cottages in Ottawa Cottages in Ottawa: things to know Popular neighbourhood Kanata Popular months October, September, November Average stay 1 night Average price per night CAD 265 Available cottages in Ottawa 39 Looking for a cottage? Cottages are perfect for travellers who enjoy feeling cosy and independent in the countryside. Usually small, traditionally built houses, cottages spread across one or two floors, making them great for families, or holidays with a little more privacy. Search cottages in Ottawa Enjoy breakfast at cottages in Ottawa! See all Bnl’s Suite Ottawa Breakfast options Bnl’s Suite, a property with a garden, is situated in Ottawa, 22 km from Rideau Locks, 23 km from Peace Tower, as well as 23 km from Ottawa Convention Centre. Nice home. We loved staying here. Show more Show less From CAD 303.75 per night 9.5 Exceptional 11 reviews New Build-PrimeTV-Movie-Games-Airport 10 mins Ottawa Breakfast options Set in Ottawa, the recently renovated New Build-PrimeTV-Movie-Games-Airport 10 mins offers accommodation 14 km from TD Place Stadium and 18 km from Supreme Court of Canada. Very nice new housing complex. Close to food, entertainment, and things to do in Ottawa. Show more Show less From CAD 128.25 per night 9.0 Superb 18 reviews 3 bedroom town house in ottawa close to downtown Ottawa Breakfast options A sustainable holiday home located in Ottawa, 3 bedroom town house in ottawa close to downtown features a tennis court. I liked the space and location. Show more Show less From CAD 260.10 per night 9.2 Superb 15 reviews JstLikeHome - Getaway Ottawa Breakfast options JstLikeHome - Getaway, a property with a garden, is set in Ottawa, 6.5 km from Ottawa Train Station, 9 km from Rideau Locks, as well as 9.2 km from Peace Tower. Location was great, I had a few issues with the app and the host helped me resolved them and get... Show more Show less From CAD 128 per night 8.3 Very good 111 reviews 14 minutes from Downtown Ottawa, Elegant brand new home Nepean, Ottawa Breakfast options Set in Ottawa, 14 km from Supreme Court of Canada and 14 km from TD Place Stadium, 14 minutes from Downtown Ottawa, Elegant brand new home offers air conditioning. Show more Show less Central Charming 3 Bed Townhome Ottawa Breakfast options Featuring garden views, Central Charming 3 Bed Townhome offers accommodation with a garden and a patio, around 15 km from TD Place Stadium. Show more Show less From CAD 299 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review Modern townhome in Kanata w direct forest access Ottawa Breakfast options Boasting air-conditioned accommodation with a patio, Modern townhome in Kanata w direct forest access is situated in Ottawa. Show more Show less From CAD 283.83 per night Century home by river hot tub & parking Ottawa South, Ottawa Breakfast options Featuring air-conditioned accommodation with a patio, Century home by river hot tub & parking is set in Ottawa. Show more Show less From CAD 250 per night These cottages in Ottawa have options with FREE cancellation See all Capital’s Retreat: King Suite, Smart home, WFH Ottawa Free cancellation options available Capital’s Retreat: King Suite, Smart home, WFH is situated in Ottawa, 17 km from Rideau Locks, 17 km from Peace Tower, and 17 km from Ottawa Convention Centre. great location and attentive staff Show more Show less From CAD 165.60 per night 9.3 Superb 7 reviews Tranquil Nest By The Airport Ottawa Free cancellation options available Set in Ottawa, Tranquil Nest By The Airport is a sustainable accommodation, 9.1 km from TD Place Stadium and 13 km from Supreme Court of Canada. Our time at Tranquil Nest By The Airport was truly delightful! Show more Show less From CAD 182.25 per night 9.9 Exceptional 16 reviews Joe & Aby's Luxury Getaway - 4 Bedrooms with 2 King & 2 Queen Beds Ottawa Free cancellation options available Featuring river views, Joe & Aby's Luxury Getaway - 4 Bedrooms with 2 King & 2 Queen Beds provides accommodation with a garden and a balcony, around 19 km from Canadian Tire Centre. We loved our stay in the house, everything was very beautiful, clean and tidy, it provides more than... Show more Show less From CAD 448.50 per night 9.8 Exceptional 12 reviews King Beds, Jacuzzi, 18mins D-Town & 7mins Ottawa Airport Ottawa Free cancellation options available Offering garden views, King Beds, Jacuzzi, 18mins D-Town & 7mins Ottawa Airport is an accommodation located in Ottawa, 12 km from TD Place Stadium and 16 km from Supreme Court of Canada. Large home great for our family group. Very nice host, even shovelled the walkway and salted! Show more Show less From CAD 484.20 per night 9.0 Superb 6 reviews Beautiful Nest By The Airport Ottawa Free cancellation options available Featuring garden views, Beautiful Nest By The Airport offers accommodation with a balcony, around 3.8 km from EY Centre. This property offers access to a terrace, free private parking and free WiFi. The house was beautiful. Personally, it met my expectations. Show more Show less From CAD 230.42 per night 8.0 Very good 5 reviews Gathering Venue for Reunion and Event Ottawa Free cancellation options available Gathering Venue for Reunion and Event is located in Ottawa, 24 km from Ottawa Convention Centre, 24 km from Parliament Hill, as well as 24 km from 24 Sussex Drive. Show more Show less From CAD 195 per night Spacious Cumberland Villa Stay and Event Ottawa Free cancellation options available Spacious Cumberland Villa Stay and Event is located in Ottawa, 24 km from Peace Tower, 24 km from Ottawa Convention Centre, and 24 km from Parliament Hill. Show more Show less From CAD 1,000 per night TN Homes Ottawa Free cancellation options available TN Homes is situated in Ottawa, 22 km from Canadian Tire Centre, 29 km from Canadian War Museum, as well as 30 km from Supreme Court of Canada. Show more Show less From CAD 202.23 per night Travelling by car? These cottages in Ottawa offer free parking! See all 4 bedroom 4parking can cook Fireplace,Office Ottawa Free parking Situated in Ottawa, 4 bedroom 4parking can cook Fireplace, Office is a sustainable accommodation, 23 km from Rideau Locks and 24 km from Peace Tower. The properly is enough for a family of seven. It was a quiet and comfortable place. Show more Show less From CAD 202.16 per night 9.4 Superb 7 reviews The house Ottawa Free parking The house, a property with a garden, is situated in Ottawa, 6.9 km from Parliament Hill, 7.1 km from Ottawa Convention Centre, as well as 7.6 km from Rideau Locks. Show more Show less From CAD 269.10 per night 7.3 Good 3 reviews 4 Season Private Beach House 30 min from Ottawa Ottawa Free parking Situated in Ottawa in the Ontario region, 4 Season Private Beach House 30 min from Ottawa features a garden. This beachfront property offers access to a balcony, free private parking and free WiFi. Show more Show less From CAD 322.38 per night Ottawa Cottage Ottawa Free parking Offering garden views, Ottawa Cottage is an accommodation set in Ottawa, 45 km from Canadian War Museum and 46 km from Supreme Court of Canada. Show more Show less From CAD 261.65 per night 7.0 Good 1 review Cheerful 3-bedroom bungalow with indoor fireplace Nepean, Ottawa Free parking Boasting inner courtyard views, Cheerful 3-bedroom bungalow with indoor fireplace features accommodation with a garden and a patio, around 13 km from Canadian War Museum. Show more Show less From CAD 140.40 per night Heritage home in prime Byward Market location Ottawa Free parking Boasting air-conditioned accommodation with a patio, Heritage home in prime Byward Market location is situated in Ottawa. Show more Show less From CAD 304 per night Heritage home near Byward Market downtown Ottawa Ottawa Free parking Boasting air-conditioned accommodation with a patio, Heritage home near Byward Market downtown Ottawa is situated in Ottawa. Show more Show less From CAD 270.50 per night Townhouse Ottawa Free parking Townhouse is located in Ottawa, 24 km from Peace Tower, 24 km from Ottawa Convention Centre, as well as 25 km from Parliament Hill. Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 2 reviews FAQs about cottages in Ottawa How much does it cost to stay in a cottage in Ottawa? On average, a cottage in Ottawa costs CAD 229 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a cottage in Ottawa for this weekend? The average price per night for a cottage in Ottawa for this weekend is CAD 450 (based on Booking.com prices). How much would a cottage in Ottawa cost for tonight? The average price of a cottage in Ottawa for this evening is CAD 404 (based on Booking.com prices). Which cottages in Ottawa are good for families? Many families visiting Ottawa enjoyed staying at Tranquil Nest By The Airport, Joe & Aby's Luxury Getaway - 4 Bedrooms with 2 King & 2 Queen Beds and 4 bedroom 4parking can cook Fireplace,Office. What are the best cottages in Ottawa close to Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Ottawa near Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport (YOW) had good things to say about Tranquil Nest By The Airport, Beautiful Nest By The Airport and King Beds, Jacuzzi, 18mins D-Town & 7mins Ottawa Airport. What are some of the best cottages for stays in Ottawa? Tranquil Nest By The Airport, Joe & Aby's Luxury Getaway - 4 Bedrooms with 2 King & 2 Queen Beds and Bnl’s Suite are some of our most popular cottages in Ottawa. Which cottages in Ottawa are good for couples? These cottages in Ottawa are highly rated by couples: Tranquil Nest By The Airport, Bnl’s Suite and 3 bedroom town house in ottawa close to downtown. Cottages that guests love in Ottawa See all ByWard Blue Inn Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 119 8.7 Fabulous 4,054 reviews Good location near the historical market. Clean and cozy room with a patio Show more Show less chenFamily with young children Dorothy's Place Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 72.20 9.8 Exceptional 6 reviews I really enjoy Dorothy's place because it's tidy, inviting, and has a cozy atmosphere. Show more Show less RicahSolo traveller The Business Inn Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 122 8.5 Very good 7,965 reviews This hotel has everything you could possibly need. In a wonderful location, very close to all the main sites in Ottawa. The staff are really helpful and it was a very cosy room. Show more Show less KatarinaFamily with young children Independent Studio Suite Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 113.40 9.8 Exceptional 14 reviews The studio itself was so comfortable and the big screen TV was awesome. It was a chilly night and the fireplace made everything seem comfy. Added snacks were another nice and unexpected touch. We were in town for a funeral, and the host not only allowed us early access to drop our bags but made up the sofa bed for us so we would not have to at the end of a difficult day which was so kind. Show more Show less RuthieGroup Cartier Place Suite Hotel Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 169 7.9 Good 2,103 reviews great location nice room with separate living room and kitchenette loved the sauna , pool and hot tub !!!! Show more Show less JAMESSolo traveller The Century House Bed and Breakfast Ottawa Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 150 9.3 Superb 204 reviews Vittorio is the best host. He puts extreme detail on making feel guests at home and preparing a delicious breakfast considering food allergies or other issues. The house is charming, cozy and beautiful. It has a walking distance to most touristic places in Ottawa and easy to access via public transport. Show more Show less TaniaYoung couple Cartier Place Suite Hotel Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 169 7.9 Good 2,103 reviews Pool, hot tub and sauna were all really nice, even March break weekend it wasn't too busy. Room was spacious and functional. Really great location within walking distance to the museum of nature and many other things. Great rates for a big apartment suite. Lots of storage space in the rooms. Dishware and cutlery were nice and sturdy. Show more Show less TiffanyFamily with young children Ramada by Wyndham Ottawa On The Rideau Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 116.10 7.1 Good 859 reviews It was something of a small resort which making it quite a relaxing time. The combinations of the pool, hot tub and sauna made us abandon our planned tour of the city. Show more Show less EletuFamily with young children Swiss Hotel Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 198 8.5 Very good 304 reviews We were greeted and helped by Sabina, it was loveley to interact with her, she made us feel welcomed. The Swiss hotel was charming, clean and cozy, we had a nicely decorated room with a fireplace. Had a great stay overall Show more Show less LorandYoung couple Ottawa Backpackers Inn Cottage in Ottawa Avg. price/night: CAD 33.30 7.0 Good 1,392 reviews The staff are very warm and polite. The building is cozy and charming; the atmosphere is positive and relaxed-- the kitchen is well equipped and accessable anytime. The washrooms/showers are very clean and adequate.. For me, it felt more like visiting a friend's lovely house than staying at a hotel. Show more Show less DominiqueSolo traveller Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Cottages in Ontario Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Cottages in Ottawa and Countryside Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Car hire in Ottawa Hire a car and hit the road. Things to do in Ottawa How will you spend your time in the city? Cottages in Gatineau Find more hotels in a city close to Gatineau. Cottages in Cornwall Flexible on where to stay? Look up cottages in nearby Cornwall, not too far from Ottawa. Hotels in Downtown Ottawa Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Kanata Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1859450,1860250,1846950,1871440,1859450|1