The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Chicago, United States - Chicago hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Chicago Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Chicago hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United States Illinois (IL) Chicago Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Chicago – 230 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Congress Plaza Hotel Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Directly across from Millennium Park and sitting on the iconic Michigan Avenue, Congress Plaza Hotel offers elegance, luxury, and history in the heart of downtown Chicago. Show more 7.2 Good 5,281 reviews Price fromCAD 149.09per night Check availability La Quinta by Wyndham Chicago Downtown Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Situated in the heart of the Financial District in downtown Chicago, this hotel is located just 2 blocks from Willis Tower and offers contemporary rooms with free WiFi and complimentary full hot... Show more 8.0 Very good 4,228 reviews Price fromCAD 150.85per night Check availability Travelodge by Wyndham Downtown Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Just 1 block away from Millennium Park, Travelodge by Wyndham Downtown Chicago offers contemporary guest rooms with free WiFi in the heart of the city’s South Loop neighborhood. Show more 6.3 Pleasant 3,305 reviews Price fromCAD 110.43per night Check availability Eurostars Magnificent Mile Hotel in River North, Chicago This boutique Chicago hotel is located in the heart of city, just 5 minutes' walk from the luxury shops of the Magnificent Mile. It features modern rooms with a flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi. Show more 8.4 Very good 3,699 reviews Price fromCAD 175.72per night Check availability The Whitehall Hotel - BW Premier Collection Hotel in Magnificent Mile, Chicago A 4-minute walk away from the famous shopping, dining and entertainment on the Magnificent Mile, this boutique hotel offers luxury and historic culture with upscale on-site dining and spacious guest... Show more 7.3 Good 1,170 reviews Price fromCAD 113.75per night Check availability Hilton Garden Inn Chicago Downtown/Magnificent Mile Hotel in River North, Chicago Just 2 blocks away from the shops and entertainment on the Magnificent Mile, this hotel is located in Chicago’s River North neighborhood and features an on-site restaurant, 24-hour business centre and... Show more 7.3 Good 1,763 reviews Price fromCAD 130.98per night Check availability Ivy Boutique Hotel Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago Just 2 blocks away from the shopping, dining and entertainment on the Magnificent Mile, this boutique hotel is located in the heart of downtown Chicago and offers spacious rooms with floor-to-ceiling... Show more 8.4 Very good 2,151 reviews Price fromCAD 160.85per night Check availability Cambria Hotel Chicago Loop/Theatre District Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Just steps away from the famed shopping on State Street, this boutique hotel is located inside the Oriental Theatre building in the Chicago Loop Theatre District. Show more 8.2 Very good 1,386 reviews Price fromCAD 136.72per night Check availability Hampton Inn & Suites Chicago-Downtown Hotel in River North, Chicago In the heart of the city, steps from major attractions, including the luxury shopping of the Magnificent Mile, this hotel offers modern fitness facilities, on-site dining and modern accommodation. Show more 8.5 Very good 2,000 reviews Price fromCAD 136.72per night Check availability Hilton Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Overlooking Grant Park and Lake Michigan, this hotel is within 5 minutes’ walk of Millennium Park. It features on-site dining, an indoor pool and a 37-inch flat-screen TV with HBO in every room. Show more 7.9 Good 811 reviews Price fromCAD 255.47per night Check availability See all 266 hotels in Chicago Cheapest time to stay in Chicago In January you can stay in Chicago for an average price of CA$159 per night CA$482CA$386CA$289CA$193CA$96CA$0 CA$159 Jan CA$173 Feb CA$229 Mar CA$254 Apr CA$310 May CA$373 Jun CA$287 Jul CA$283 Aug CA$287 Sep CA$343 Oct CA$228 Nov CA$196 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Chicago in the past month See all Warwick Allerton Chicago Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 7.3 Good · 5,691 reviews Eurostars Magnificent Mile Hotel in River North, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 8.4 Very good · 3,699 reviews citizenM Chicago Downtown Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 8.8 Fabulous · 2,215 reviews Congress Plaza Hotel Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 7.2 Good · 5,281 reviews River Hotel Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 8.4 Very good · 4,368 reviews Travelodge by Wyndham Downtown Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 6.3 Pleasant · 3,305 reviews Hotel Saint Clair - Magnificent Mile Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 7.5 Good · 4,105 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites Chicago-Downtown Hotel in River North, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 8.5 Very good · 2,000 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Chicago Downtown Riverwalk Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 8.4 Very good · 1,806 reviews Freehand Chicago Hotel in River North, Chicago Popular with guests booking hotels in Chicago 7.4 Good · 2,591 reviews Chicago's best hotels with breakfast See all The LaSalle Chicago, Autograph Collection Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Breakfast options Boasting a fitness centre, a shared lounge as well as a bar, The LaSalle Chicago, Autograph Collection is situated in the centre of Chicago, 3 km from Ohio Street Beach. I loved the location and the comfort. The room was great Avg. price/night: CAD 363.37 9.1 Superb · 88 reviews Home2 Suites By Hilton Chicago River North Hotel in River North, Chicago Breakfast options Home2 Suites By Hilton Chicago River North has a fitness centre, shared lounge, a terrace and restaurant in Chicago. This 3-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. Good quality of the room, nice staff, breakfast is ok. Avg. price/night: CAD 174 8.2 Very good · 4,024 reviews LondonHouse Chicago, Curio Collection by Hilton Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Breakfast options Sitting on Michigan Avenue and the Chicago River in a historic landmark building, LondonHouse features Chicago’s only tri-level rooftop bar. Location and views from the room as well as rooftop Avg. price/night: CAD 281.91 8.8 Fabulous · 1,217 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Chicago Downtown Riverwalk Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Breakfast options Just 4 blocks away from the shopping, dining and entertainment on Michigan Avenue’s Magnificent Mile, this hotel is located in Downtown Chicago’s North Loop business district and offers a restaurant,... Clean with great service and in a centralised location. Avg. price/night: CAD 188.84 8.4 Very good · 1,806 reviews Omni Chicago All Suites Hotel-Magnificent Mile Hotel in River North, Chicago Breakfast options Placed on Chicago’s famed Michigan Ave, the all-suite Omni Chicago Hotel puts you in the heart of The Windy City. Great locating and very friendly and helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 280.52 8.6 Fabulous · 1,394 reviews Hyatt Place Chicago/Downtown - The Loop Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Breakfast options Located in the heart of the city, Hyatt Place Chicago/Downtown – The Loop is conveniently located near several of the city’s social and cultural landmarks. Great location & service, very good breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 204.69 8.1 Very good · 6,259 reviews Virgin Hotels Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Breakfast options Steps away from the iconic shopping, dining and entertainment of Michigan Avenue’s Magnificent Mile, this downtown Chicago boutique hotel puts a spin on modern luxury and comfort, offering 3 on-site... Uber cool rooms & facilities. Loved roof top bar Avg. price/night: CAD 299.92 8.8 Fabulous · 1,391 reviews Loews Chicago Hotel Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago Breakfast options A rooftop lounge with views of the city skyline, on-site modern restaurant and a large indoor lap pool highlight the Loews Chicago Hotel. Fantastic amenities, good restaurant and great location Avg. price/night: CAD 282.07 8.9 Fabulous · 1,464 reviews Budget hotels in Chicago See all citizenM Chicago Downtown Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Budget Hotel Featuring a shared lounge, a restaurant as well as a bar, citizenM Chicago Downtown is located in the centre of Chicago, 1.7 km from Ohio Street Beach. Everything!!!! This hotel is amazing and super cool. Avg. price/night: CAD 157.12 8.8 Fabulous · 2,215 reviews Hyatt Place Chicago Medical/University District Hotel in Chicago Budget Hotel Boasting a bar, Hyatt Place Chicago Medical/University District is set in Chicago in the Illinois region, 1.2 km from United Center and 3.2 km from Union Station. Nice room, good breakfast, location close to the subway Avg. price/night: CAD 166.18 8.2 Very good · 1,318 reviews Cambria Hotel Chicago Loop/Theatre District Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Budget Hotel Just steps away from the famed shopping on State Street, this boutique hotel is located inside the Oriental Theatre building in the Chicago Loop Theatre District. Was able to check in early. The location is great! Avg. price/night: CAD 160.51 8.2 Very good · 1,386 reviews Fairfield Inn and Suites Chicago Downtown-River North Hotel in River North, Chicago Budget Hotel Located in the heart of the Chicago city centre, this hotel is within 5 minutes’ walk from the luxury shops of Michigan Avenue and the banks of the Chicago River. Breakfast was great and the staff happy to see you Avg. price/night: CAD 172.97 8.5 Very good · 1,328 reviews La Quinta by Wyndham Chicago Downtown Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Budget Hotel Situated in the heart of the Financial District in downtown Chicago, this hotel is located just 2 blocks from Willis Tower and offers contemporary rooms with free WiFi and complimentary full hot... Clean staff were fabulous and location was perfect Avg. price/night: CAD 177.10 8.0 Very good · 4,228 reviews Ivy Boutique Hotel Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago Budget Hotel Just 2 blocks away from the shopping, dining and entertainment on the Magnificent Mile, this boutique hotel is located in the heart of downtown Chicago and offers spacious rooms with floor-to-ceiling... Staff was fantastic. Kay and Tooi were absolute Gems. Avg. price/night: CAD 188.84 8.4 Very good · 2,151 reviews Club Quarters Hotel Central Loop, Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Budget Hotel A short 7-minute walk of the Quincy/Wells Subway Station and Willis Tower Skydeck, Club Quarters Hotel Central Loop, Chicago is located in downtown Chicago and features a restaurant, pub and 24-hour... excellent location and room was very nice, well equipped and clean Avg. price/night: CAD 162.59 8.0 Very good · 3,491 reviews Club Quarters Hotel Wacker at Michigan, Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Budget Hotel Built in 1928, this historic Chicago hotel is located inside Mather Tower and overlooks the Chicago River. It features free WiFi, and rooms which can have city or river views. I loved it!!!!!! best location and best staff ever. Avg. price/night: CAD 163.45 8.2 Very good · 3,689 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Chicago See all Level Chicago - Fulton Market Hotel in West Loop, Chicago Central location Set in Chicago, 1.7 km from Union Station, Level Chicago - Fulton Market offers accommodation with barbecue facilities and private parking. 9.5 Exceptional · 10 reviews The Langham Chicago Hotel in River North, Chicago Central location Just 2 blocks away from the famed shopping, dining and entertainment on Michigan Avenue’s Magnificent Mile, this luxury hotel towers above the city in a skyscraper designed by renowned architect Mies... Centrally located. Highly professional and kind staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 745.84 9.3 Superb · 355 reviews Kimpton Hotel Monaco Chicago, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Central location Centrally located along the Chicago River in the famous Loop business district, this hotel features in-room spa services, and a 24-hour gym. The staff was so friendly and really accommodating Avg. price/night: CAD 284.05 8.8 Fabulous · 331 reviews Canopy By Hilton Chicago Central Loop Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Central location Attractively located in Chicago, Canopy By Hilton Chicago Central Loop features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. Great location, clean and secure. Loved the atmosphere Avg. price/night: CAD 241.45 8.8 Fabulous · 274 reviews The Gwen, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Michigan Avenue Chicago Hotel in River North, Chicago Central location Overlooking iconic Lake Michigan, The Gwen, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Michigan Avenue Chicago is located in the heart of downtown and offers unparalleled amenities and services, including 2 on-site... very luxurious and comfortable with lots of amenities Avg. price/night: CAD 386.77 8.8 Fabulous · 135 reviews Silversmith Hotel Chicago Downtown Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Central location Located in the centre of the Loop, near Chicago’s theater and financial district, this hotel is close to dining, shopping, and many major attractions. Spacious rooms include cable TV and free WiFi. Lovely hotel very comfortable beds and very central Avg. price/night: CAD 315.47 8.7 Fabulous · 957 reviews Staypineapple, An Iconic Hotel, The Loop Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Central location Historic Chicago architecture, designed by world renowned architect Daniel Burnham, with mosaic floors and marble ceilings inspire luxury at this hotel in Chicago’s Loop. So quiet and clean. I had some very restful sleeps! Avg. price/night: CAD 219.15 8.7 Fabulous · 1,252 reviews Renaissance Chicago Downtown Hotel Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago Central location Featuring a lobby with a VIP R Bar Lounge, Artist Studio, coffee bar and library, this boutique hotel is located in Chicago’s Theater District, directly across from the Chicago River. Once at the hotel the staff was very polite and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 279.29 8.7 Fabulous · 415 reviews FAQs about hotels in Chicago How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Chicago? On average, 3-star hotels in Chicago cost CAD 281 per night, and 4-star hotels in Chicago are CAD 357 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Chicago can on average be found for CAD 769 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Chicago for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Chicago this weekend is CAD 279 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 344. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Chicago for this weekend cost on average around CAD 843 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Chicago for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 251 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Chicago for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 320 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Chicago will cost around CAD 726 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Chicago are good for families? Many families visiting Chicago loved staying at Level Chicago - Fulton Market, The Guesthouse Hotel and The Langham Chicago. What are the best hotels in Chicago near Soldier Field? Some of the best hotels in Chicago near Soldier Field include Sentral Michigan Avenue, Luxéry Stay Chicago - Across from McCormick Place & Wintrust Arena and Marriott Marquis Chicago. What are the best hotels in Chicago near Chicago O'Hare International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Chicago near Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) have said good things about Sheraton Suites Chicago O'Hare, The Rose Chicago, Tapestry Collection By Hilton and Holiday Inn Chicago O'Hare - Rosemont, an IHG Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Chicago? Pendry Chicago, Sable At Navy Pier Chicago, Curio Collection By Hilton and Viceroy Chicago are some of the popular hotels in Chicago. What hotels in Chicago offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Chicago that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The LaSalle Chicago, Autograph Collection, The Peninsula Chicago and The Study at the University of Chicago. What hotels in Chicago are good for couples? These hotels in Chicago are highly rated by couples: The Peninsula Chicago, The Guesthouse Hotel and The LaSalle Chicago, Autograph Collection. What hotels in Chicago have nice views? Four Seasons Chicago, Sable At Navy Pier Chicago, Curio Collection By Hilton and The Langham Chicago have received great reviews from travellers in Chicago regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Our Kind of Town Standing proud beside Lake Michigan, Chicago is down-to-earth, friendly, and abounding in culture. It has outdoor art by famous artists including Chagall and Picasso, and there are some fascinating architectural examples from the Art Institute of Chicago. Home to blues and house music, Chicago has an eclectic music scene that reflects its spirit. The Windy City is also a pioneer in a variety of Americanized dishes from it's European immigrant roots like deep-dish pizza and the Chicago hot dog. The world’s first skyscraper and Ferris wheel were erected in Chicago. The latter, on Navy Pier, is one of the Midwest’s most visited sights. Also famed is the ‘L’ transport system, whose raised trains circle The Loop, the main business district. Check out its skyline reflection in the shiny bean sculpture in huge Millennium Park. Home of the Bulls and Bears, Chicago is a stronghold of sport and has teams playing baseball, basketball, American football and hockey, to name a few. If you get a chance, try to catch a game. Chicago Midway and Chicago O’Hare Airport are both on the outskirts of this vast city, so make sure to leave enough time for travel from your Booking.com hotel, apartment or hostel. And all that jazz. Learn more about visiting Chicago 140 attractions 80 points of interest 29 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Chicago: 10 We enjoyed our stay at the hotel, it was very nice, very... We enjoyed our stay at the hotel, it was very nice, very clean, the beds were awesome!! And they cleaned our room every single day, changing towels and everything. The green line station is two blocks away from the hotel, so that was a plus. Also you got the convention centre connecting through a bridge. There were no many options for breakfast, but it was ok. Facilities like the pool and gym great! Sherice United States 10 Great food, awesome history, fun activities and sights to... Great food, awesome history, fun activities and sights to see. I will be back! Have deep dish, Chicago dogs, a burger at the Billy Goat, see the Willis Tower and Navy Pier, take a river architecture cruise, go on a walking tour... Still plenty more to do the next time we're back! Keith 10 We used to go to Chicago every year for our anniversary in... We used to go to Chicago every year for our anniversary in mid-November. This was our first trip in several years, and there are lots of new buildings, but it's still the bustling-yet-manageable city it has always been. There is so much to see and do, it's overwhelming. Plan Ahead! The weather this year (2023) was perfect. We loved walking around, looking at the architecture, eating in local restaurants and window shopping. Uber has replaced a lot of the traditional Taxi cabs. The Uber app is a must, it is FAR less expensive to take Uber than your car and pay for parking - anywhere downtown. We felt safe the entire time and had a blast. Highly recommend Chicago!! James 8.0 Nice city. Nice city. Is like New York but less crowded, a bit more clean maybe. There is a lot to visit and have fun with. I did a boat ride tour of the architectural buildings around the river and it was amazing. The public transportation through the subway/train is very easy to use and take you almost to wherever you want to. Gladys Venezuela 10 I was there for a play at theater right next to hotel so... I was there for a play at theater right next to hotel so that's why I booked it. It met my expectations and was very nice, large bathroom, comfortable bed. This was walking distance to several restaurants and a few stores for shopping. Nigh United States 10 Chicago is a fantastic City for visitors Chicago is a fantastic City for visitors Much safer than it's given credit for. Absolutely beautiful architecture and phenomenal restaurants and attractions We vist Chicago as often as possible MIKE United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Chicago See all Club Quarters Hotel Wacker at Michigan, Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago From CAD 120 per night 8.2 Very good 3,689 reviews Location can't be better, right next to where the river boat tours start, next door to the best roof top bar in Chicago and next to Michigan ave which has all the best shops! There are ice machines and vending machines in the hotel as well as a coffee station on the second floor (I only found that on my second and last day :-( would have been nice to know before). Easy enough to get to and from the airport using the blue line - it cost $3 vs Uber which was around $60-120 depending on the time of day. Show more Show less Shania United Kingdom Virgin Hotels Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago From CAD 235 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,391 reviews Very friendly and helpful staff. The look and feel of the property was amazing - it’s a historical charm that’s been renovated and now has a modern twist. love the niche restaurants and bars within the complex - gives it a very Chicago feel. On the outskirts of the loop we were close but not in the hustle and bustle of the downtown district which suited us as Magnificent mile and river walk very close. Highly recommend staying here - would definitely stay here again myself!!! Show more Show less Ashlee Australia Hotel Versey Days Inn by Wyndham Chicago Hotel in Lincoln Park, Chicago From CAD 114 per night 8.0 Very good 1,265 reviews Stayed in several hotels in different states lately. This one was definitely the best. Clean, comfortable, creative. The staff was very friendly. The room had everything travellers might need. The location is also great - stores, food and transportation are close. Walking distance to the park and the lake, and even to downtown if you have some free time to walk around the city. Next time in Chicago we event won't look for anything else, we'll just book Versey. Show more Show less Olga Logvin Ukraine River Hotel Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago From CAD 120 per night 8.4 Very good 4,367 reviews This was my first ever visit to Chicago. Hotel location was great – right in the hart of downtown with beautiful river view. From this hotel I walked city centre back and forth, but in case you do not like walking, metro and Metra train station is very close to the hotel. Hotel and room qualities are very good (I booked room with river view). That hotel met all my expectation and I have already made another booking there for August to stay with my family Show more Show less Krzysztof POLAND Poland Hampton Inn & Suites Chicago-Downtown Hotel in River North, Chicago From CAD 125 per night 8.5 Very good 2,000 reviews We enjoyed our stay!! We booked the one bedroom as a family of 3. It was more than enough space and we thought it was a good value. Super clean. Breakfast had plenty of options, although it was packed during the breakfast hours. Location is extremely central to the downtown Chicago area. I appreciate the "security" at the front door. Whoever manages this hotel - you and your staff are doing a great job!! Show more Show less Megan United States Embassy Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago From CAD 155 per night 8.0 Very good 2,799 reviews What a dump. Long waits for elevator just to get into the building. Then additional long wait at every elevator. No kitchen service due to "an emergency ". "Housekeeping" attempted to enter my room at 10:30pm! WTF!!!! Long lines to check in. A low quality hotel not worthy of a downtown Chicago experience. Show more Show less Mark United States Sheraton Grand Chicago Riverwalk Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago From CAD 175 per night 7.9 Good 1,109 reviews The location is amazing. Downtown Chicago. Target and Walgreens around the corner. Several good options. Movie theatre and navy pier in walking distance. Several parking lots (cheaper then $63 a night at the hotel). There are restaurants in the hotel and it’s right on the river walks Show more Show less Geneva United States Club Quarters Hotel Central Loop, Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago From CAD 120 per night 8.0 Very good 3,493 reviews The location was great and they gave a parking ticket for $25/Day which is I guess the cheapest we found around downtown Chicago. Staffs are accommodating. Room is clean and big. The TV is amazing because you can connect your phone to it through their wifi connection. Show more Show less Rochelle Georgia Ivy Boutique Hotel Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago From CAD 138 per night 8.4 Very good 2,151 reviews The interior was great, much nicer than expected. The Hotel is perfectly situated to explore downtown Chicago, just a few steps away from the river and the architecture institute. Breakfast was also available and of really good quality. Show more Show less Brigitte Germany Sonesta ES Suites Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile Medical Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago From CAD 137 per night 7.9 Good 1,762 reviews The location is fantastic. The Chicago 360 is next door and the Magnificent Mile starts a block away. There are good restaurants nearby and you can walk to the Chicago river as well. My family really liked the hotel. Show more Show less Marko Finland Hyatt Place Chicago/Downtown - The Loop Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago From CAD 161 per night 8.1 Very good 6,259 reviews Great value for the location. Right downtown Chicago and parking was very easy and secure. Rooms were clean, updated and comfortable. Complimentary breakfast was one of the better ones's I've had at hotels. Show more Show less Samantha Canada Congress Plaza Hotel Chicago Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago From CAD 157 per night 7.2 Good 5,282 reviews The room was extremely spacious with the amazing view over the lake and Michigan Avenue . The location is in the middle of downtown and I think the best feature of this hotel Show more Show less Katarzyna Poland Courtyard Chicago Downtown/Magnificent Mile Hotel in Streeterville, Chicago From CAD 127 per night 8.2 Very good 485 reviews Great hotel, neat rooms and amazing staff! Location is ideal for anyone visiting downtown Chicago as it is right in the center! Highly recommended for families as well. Show more Show less Anonymous United States Freehand Chicago Hotel in River North, Chicago From CAD 27 per night 7.4 Good 2,590 reviews Luxurious rooms in the middle of downtown Chicago. More a shared hotel room experience rather than a hostel. Good fitness center and WiFi worked without problems. Show more Show less Lorenzo Netherlands Central Loop Hotel Hotel in Chicago Loop, Chicago From CAD 120 per night 7.9 Good 2,359 reviews great location, cheapest proper hotel I could find downtown - beds was SUPER comfortable ! Show more Show less Leila Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hostels in Chicago Explore more great accommodation options in Chicago, starting with hostels. Budget Hotels in Chicago More great accommodation options for your trip. Motels in Chicago More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Schaumburg Find more hotels in a city close to Schaumburg. Hotels in Merrillville Find more hotels in a city close to Merrillville. Hotels near Allstate Arena Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Donald E Stephens Convention Center Search and compare hotels close to Donald E Stephens Convention Center, a popular destination just outside Chicago. Hotels in Downtown Chicago Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Magnificent Mile Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Chicago Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|7,1871440,1870380,1847760,1870380|3,1847760|3,1833870,1866460,1846890