The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Kelowna, Canada - Kelowna hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Kelowna Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Kelowna hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada British Columbia Kelowna Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Kelowna – 46 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Comfort Suites Kelowna Hotel in Rutland, Kelowna Featuring a hot tub and an indoor pool with a waterslide, this Kelowna hotel provides breakfast. A microwave and a refrigerator are included in all rooms. Big White Ski Resort is 1 hour’s drive away. Show more 8.2 Very good 818 reviews Price fromCAD 114.30per night Check availability Hampton Inn & Suites Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada Hotel in Kelowna Situated in Kelowna, 6.4 km from Geert Maas Sculpture Gardens Gallery, Hampton Inn & Suites Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a... Show more 8.8 Fabulous 1,208 reviews Price fromCAD 169.15per night Check availability Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Kelowna Hotel in Rutland, Kelowna Located 10 minutes’ drive from Kelowna Airport, this family-friendly hotel provides free Wi-Fi. A heated pool with a water slide is open year-round. Show more 8.2 Very good 266 reviews Price fromCAD 134per night Check availability Coast Capri Hotel Hotel in Downtown Kelowna, Kelowna This downtown Kelowna hotel is just blocks from Okanagan Lake. It has 2 on-site restaurants and a spa. The warmly decorated rooms offer free WiFi. Show more 8.1 Very good 1,274 reviews Price fromCAD 142.68per night Check availability The Royal Anne Hotel Hotel in Downtown Kelowna, Kelowna Featuring a small fitness centre and sauna, a wine shop and continental breakfast, this Kelowna hotel is located in the center of downtown, only a 10 minutes' walk to City Park. Free WiFi is provided.... Show more 8.4 Very good 1,565 reviews Price fromCAD 149per night Check availability Four Points by Sheraton Kelowna Airport Hotel in Kelowna Offering a complimentary 24-hour airport shuttle, this Kelowna hotel features an indoor pool and Hot tub. Free WiFi is provided in all guest rooms. The Okanagan Golf Club is 5 minutes’ drive away. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 591 reviews Price fromCAD 167.20per night Check availability Holiday Inn Express & Suites Kelowna - East, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Rutland, Kelowna Conveniently located off Highway 97, Holiday Inn Express & Suites Kelowna offers an indoor pool and fitness centre. The hotel is just 6 km from Kelowna city centre and Okanagan Lake. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 575 reviews Price fromCAD 138.60per night Check availability Hotel Eldorado at Eldorado Resort Hotel in South Pandosy, Kelowna Located next to Okanagan Lake, this Kelowna boutique hotel features a marina. This Kelowna hotel is a short walk from the beach. The hotel offers an indoor swimming pool. Show more 8.4 Very good 283 reviews Price fromCAD 199.20per night Check availability Siesta Suites Hotel in South Pandosy, Kelowna In the heart of the Okanagan Mission neighborhood, this all-suite hotel is in Kelowna, British Columbia. Free wireless internet access is offered in every suite. Show more 8.4 Very good 671 reviews Price fromCAD 139per night Check availability Hyatt Place Kelowna Hotel in Downtown Kelowna, Kelowna Boasting a shared lounge, a terrace as well as a bar, Hyatt Place Kelowna is set in the centre of Kelowna, 3.6 km from BC Orchard Industry Museum. Show more 8.4 Very good 826 reviews Price fromCAD 137.08per night Check availability See all 56 hotels in Kelowna Cheapest time to stay in Kelowna In November you can stay in Kelowna for an average price of CA$139 per night CA$329CA$263CA$197CA$131CA$66CA$0 CA$147 Jan CA$140 Feb CA$144 Mar CA$154 Apr CA$196 May CA$224 Jun CA$254 Jul CA$249 Aug CA$189 Sep CA$152 Oct CA$139 Nov CA$152 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Kelowna in the past month See all The Royal Anne Hotel Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 8.4 Very good · 1,565 reviews Ramada by Wyndham Kelowna Hotel & Conference Center Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 7.5 Good · 1,009 reviews Hyatt Place Kelowna Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 8.4 Very good · 826 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Kelowna Airport Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 8.7 Fabulous · 591 reviews Days Inn by Wyndham Kelowna Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 7.1 Good · 766 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 8.8 Fabulous · 1,208 reviews Econo Lodge Inn & Suites Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 7.7 Good · 1,087 reviews Holiday Inn Express & Suites Kelowna - East, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 8.7 Fabulous · 575 reviews Prestige Beach House, WorldHotels Crafted Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 7.3 Good · 516 reviews Sandman Hotel & Suites Kelowna Hotel in Kelowna Popular with guests booking hotels in Kelowna 6.3 Pleasant · 894 reviews Budget hotels in Kelowna See all Ramada by Wyndham Kelowna Hotel & Conference Center Hotel in Kelowna Budget Hotel Kelowna Golf & Country Club is 2.1-kilometers from this hotel in British Columbia. It features an indoor pool with a hot tub, a restaurant and guest rooms with free Wi-Fi. Staff was very friendly, hotel was clean, location was good. Avg. price/night: CAD 149.29 7.5 Good · 1,008 reviews Econo Lodge Inn & Suites Hotel in Kelowna Budget Hotel Featuring an indoor pool and hot tub, this property is located in Kelowna, British Columbia. All guestrooms offer convenient coffeemakers and refrigerators. Free WiFi is provided in all areas. Pleasant overnight stay. Nice continental breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 120.64 7.7 Good · 1,087 reviews Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Kelowna Hotel in Kelowna Budget Hotel Featuring a bar, Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Kelowna is located in Kelowna in the British Columbia region, 5.7 km from Geert Maas Sculpture Gardens Gallery and 7.5 km from The Old Woodshed... Everything is good except the noise of the A/C. Avg. price/night: CAD 127.19 7.9 Good · 501 reviews Okanagan Seasons Resort Hotel in Kelowna Budget Hotel Situated on 5.5 acres, this Kelowna resort features 2 courtyards, indoor and outdoor pools and a putting green. Very good location. Near the stores and the beach. Avg. price/night: CAD 126.44 5.7 Above average · 614 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Kelowna BC Hotel in Kelowna Budget Hotel This British Columbia hotel is 8 km from Kelowna International Airport. Guests can enjoy a seasonal outdoor pool and a year-round outdoor hot tub. Excellent breakfast. Very friendly and helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 108.58 6.9 Pleasant · 692 reviews Sandman Hotel & Suites Kelowna Hotel in Kelowna Budget Hotel Featuring an indoor swimming pool and hot tub, this Kelowna hotel offers an on-site restaurant. The front desk is available 24 hours a day. Free WiFi is provided throughout the hotel. it's close to everything we wanted for a getaway. Avg. price/night: CAD 133.18 6.3 Pleasant · 894 reviews Days Inn by Wyndham Kelowna Hotel in Kelowna Budget Hotel Days Inn by Wyndham Kelowna is located in Kelowna, only minutes from a variety of outdoor recreational activities. This hotel offers a seasonal outdoor heated pool. Choice of food was good for a continental breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 108.46 7.1 Good · 766 reviews Best Western Plus Kelowna Hotel & Suites Hotel in Kelowna Budget Hotel Located in British Columbia, this hotel is a 10-minute drive from Kelowna International Airport. The staff at front desk remembered me from last visit! Avg. price/night: CAD 146.62 7.8 Good · 354 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Kelowna See all Discovery Bay 543 Hotel in Kelowna Central location Conveniently set in the centre of Kelowna, Discovery Bay 543 provides free WiFi throughout the property and a shared lounge. 8.0 Very good · 7 reviews Accent Inns Kelowna Hotel in Kelowna Central location Featuring a seasonal outdoor pool, this hotel is nestled in the heart of Okanagan Valley. Free WiFi is available throughout the property. It was spotless. The staff were extremely welcoming. Avg. price/night: CAD 121.80 7.9 Good · 276 reviews Prestige Beach House, WorldHotels Crafted Hotel in Kelowna Central location Located across from Hot Sands Beach, Prestige Beach House, WorldHotels Crafted offers an indoor pool, on-site dining, and rooms with flat-screen TVs. Lake City Casinos is 2 km away. Great staff, right by the beach, clean facilities. Avg. price/night: CAD 146.11 7.3 Good · 516 reviews Osprey I #401 at Waterscapes Hotel in Kelowna Central location Well set in the Downtown Kelowna district of Kelowna, Osprey I #401 at Waterscapes is located 2.1 km from Kelowna City Park, 700 metres from Lake Okanagan and less than 1 km from BC Orchard Industry... 6.3 Pleasant · 3 reviews Casa del Sol Hotel in Kelowna Central location Casa del Sol provides free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Kelowna. FAQs about hotels in Kelowna How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Kelowna? On average, 3-star hotels in Kelowna cost CAD 154 per night, and 4-star hotels in Kelowna are CAD 198 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Kelowna can on average be found for CAD 321 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Kelowna for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Kelowna this weekend is CAD 170 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 231. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Kelowna for this weekend cost on average around CAD 309 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Kelowna for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 155 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Kelowna for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 199 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Kelowna will cost around CAD 259 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Kelowna are good for families? Many families visiting Kelowna loved staying at Discovery Bay 543, Hampton Inn & Suites Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada and Holiday Inn Express & Suites Kelowna - East, an IHG Hotel. What are the best hotels in Kelowna near Lake Okanagan? Some of the best hotels in Kelowna near Lake Okanagan include The Royal Kelowna - Bellstar Hotels & Resorts, Tranquil Waterfront Condo and Les Chambres Roses. What are the best hotels to stay in Kelowna? Hampton Inn & Suites Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada, The Royal Anne Hotel and Coast Capri Hotel are some of the popular hotels in Kelowna. What hotels in Kelowna offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Kelowna that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Coast Capri Hotel, Holiday Inn Express & Suites Kelowna - East, an IHG Hotel and Hotel Eldorado at Eldorado Resort. What hotels in Kelowna are good for couples? These hotels in Kelowna are highly rated by couples: Four Points by Sheraton Kelowna Airport, Holiday Inn Express & Suites Kelowna - East, an IHG Hotel and Hampton Inn & Suites Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada. What hotels in Kelowna have nice views? Hotel Eldorado at Eldorado Resort, Holiday Inn Express & Suites Kelowna - East, an IHG Hotel and The Royal Anne Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Kelowna regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Learn more about visiting Kelowna 2 attractions 16 points of interest 9 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Kelowna Skiing 69 reviews Road trip 88 reviews Casinos 27 reviews Lakes 693 reviews Relax in nature 779 reviews Great outdoors 174 reviews What guests said about Kelowna: 10 Kelowna is absolutely beautiful and inviting it has all the... Kelowna is absolutely beautiful and inviting it has all the right qualities and attractions to make anyone feel comfortable and welcome in our community. The views that surround you are breathtaking and there’s a beach or creek within a half mile to mile radius of you almost anywhere in the city. Walking paths and hiking trails are also of abundance here and there is no shortage of places to explore. Kelowna is a beautiful city and definitely worth putting in your vacation budget. Make it a big budget too a sit is a luxury that you pay for as prices are on the higher end of the markets Kerri Wolfe Canada 10 I lived in the area for many years and other than during... I lived in the area for many years and other than during wildfire season, the entire region is spectacular. There is so much to do, all year round! There are 5 or 6 top notch ski resorts, more wineries, golf courses and camp grounds than you can count, and the lakes have amazing beaches - especially Kal Lake which has a tropical feel mid-summer. Nancy United States 8.0 Pleasant city with lakeside beach and other green space. Pleasant city with lakeside beach and other green space. Like most places of its size in North America you really need a car to get about, though downtown area near beach is pleasant to walk around. Good views from Knox Mountain, and good exercise climbing it. John... United Kingdom 6.0 I will not comment on this. I will not comment on this. I believe the more you tell others what you liked about the place, the more they will come to visit. Kelowna is way too crowded in the Summer as it is. Lets keep Beautiful. Julie 10 Our holiday was awesome. Our holiday was awesome. Alot of smoke from the wildfires though. We liked seeing the deer. They were amazing. Alot of things to do and see. The go-karts and the mini-golf was entertaining. Just loved to sit have an icecream on the boardwalk and gaze into the lakeview. Julie 8.0 Traffic was very busy & reasonably easy enough to get around... Traffic was very busy & reasonably easy enough to get around if we stayed on the east side of the bridge. The traffic was a stand still on the bridge most of the time. Signage could be bigger and placed strategically to let visitors know of up coming turns. Donna Canada Explore guest reviews of hotels in Kelowna See all Prestige Beach House, WorldHotels Crafted Kelowna From CAD 146.11 per night 7.3 Good · 516 reviews The hotel has had some renovations and is very quaint. The attitude of the staff was exceptional. They showed great concern for my comfort and were always willing to help The attached restaurant was also staffed with very pleasant and friendly staff. The balconies are small but had two Adirondack chairs and I was able to watch the Snowbird air show from there. It is right across the street from the waterfront park and a short walk to the pedestrian mall on Bernard St. I didn’t get to try the pool and hot tub but the facilities looked nice Janet Canada Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Kelowna Kelowna From CAD 155.44 per night 8.2 Very good · 266 reviews It was a very good experience. My wife loves Kelowna and for that I've decided to surprise her by traveling to Kelowna and staying a night there. She likes Marriott hotels so we decided to stay at Fairfield. It was nice, clean and comfortable. We had a good time there. The staff were friendly and helpful. If we decide to go to Kelowna again soon, we might probably stay at Fairfield again. Amir Canada Prestige Beach House, WorldHotels Crafted Kelowna From CAD 146.11 per night 7.3 Good · 516 reviews The pool and hot tub was lovely. Staff friendly, welcoming and always happy to help. Rooms where comfortable, good size with lovely balcony. The Restaurant was lovely, food delicious and attentive staff. Hotel Right in the heart of downtown Kelowna with easy walking access to park, waterfront and promenade. Claire Jersey The Royal Anne Hotel Kelowna From CAD 172.84 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,565 reviews The location of the hotel is its main selling point; it is right in the centre of Kelowna on Bernard Avenue, only a stones throw from the lakeside. The bed was fairly comfortable. The breakfast (which was included in the price) was decent, with a selection of fruit, cereal, pastries and drinks. David United Kingdom Ramada by Wyndham Kelowna Hotel & Conference Center Kelowna From CAD 149.29 per night 7.5 Good · 1,008 reviews The staff were very helpful and accommodating. I can honestly say that every member of staff that we encountered were exceptional. Loved the pool and hot tub. The hotel is starting to show it's age and needs updating but overall our stay was one of the best we have ever experienced. Glenda Canada Hyatt Place Kelowna Kelowna From CAD 159.01 per night 8.4 Very good · 826 reviews My stay at Hyatt Place Kelowna exceeded my expectations. The staff were very friendly. From the moment I checked in to check out, I was accommodated to make sure my experience was great. My room was clean and comfortable. Overall, I was very happy and would recommend this hotel! Julie Canada Brand New Luxury Downtown Near the Beach #16 Kelowna From CAD 374.92 per night 9.1 Superb · 38 reviews We really enjoyed our stay and felt at home and comfortable. Good views of the lake. In the center of Kelowna’s small downtown. Very pleasant accommodation. Adequately outfitted for basic meal prep and dining in. Gabrielle United States Stirling House Kelowna From CAD 171.10 per night 9.3 Superb · 159 reviews One of the best stays in Kelowna. Hosts are wonderful and friendly people with lots of stories and great attitude. The house itself is full of history making our stay as cozy as possible! A place to return to! Anastasiya Canada Ramada by Wyndham Kelowna Hotel & Conference Center Kelowna From CAD 149.29 per night 7.5 Good · 1,008 reviews The property is old but has been nicely updated. Pet friendly room without carpet is awesome! Also parking by the hotel door is very convenient. The attached pub and patio was great for dinner and drinks. Mariette Canada Manteo at Eldorado Resort Kelowna From CAD 271.20 per night 8.2 Very good · 325 reviews Everything else was great! First time in Kelowna and we loved it; the hotel was close to amenities and had a very beach-y feel to it (right on the beach and the boardwalk was pretty to walk along) Teri Blakely Canada Coast Capri Hotel Kelowna From CAD 165.51 per night 8.1 Very good · 1,274 reviews Just overall nice quality hotel with good service and it's close to Kelowna Hospital which was the reason for our trip. We've booked to stay there again in a couple of weeks. Carmen Canada Super 8 by Wyndham Kelowna BC Kelowna From CAD 108.58 per night 6.9 Pleasant · 692 reviews Well managed hotel in a good location of Kelowna. Very easy to access from the main highway. Lots of parking. It has swimming pool and hot tub. Breakfast was good. TravelerMK Canada Brand New Luxury Downtown Near the Beach #13 Kelowna From CAD 374.92 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 24 reviews Beautiful, comfortable condo in a great location. Also great view. The bed was comfortable and we felt right at home. Perfect place to stay in downtown Kelowna. Leni South Korea Samesun Kelowna Kelowna From CAD 83.52 per night 7.3 Good · 1,325 reviews The AC unit worked well, the room was clean. This is a great location very close to Kelowna's downtown, city beach and waterfront restaurants. Jennifer Canada Brand New Luxury Downtown Near the Beach #13 Kelowna From CAD 374.92 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 24 reviews Great location.. Downtown kelowna best view of Okanagan lake. Very clean and nice apartment. Singh Canada Samesun Kelowna Kelowna From CAD 83.52 per night 7.3 Good · 1,325 reviews The stay is a 2 mins walk from Downtown Kelowna which is abuzz until midnight in summers. Namrata Canada Hyatt Place Kelowna Kelowna From CAD 159.01 per night 8.4 Very good · 826 reviews Easily the nicest hotel in Kelowna right now. The facility and rooms and amazing. Ross Canada Four Points by Sheraton Kelowna Airport Kelowna From CAD 193.95 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 591 reviews Free shuttle and cheaper to park at hotel then airport for 2 weeks I was gone Michelle Canada The Royal Anne Hotel Kelowna From CAD 172.84 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,565 reviews Very central to downtown Kelowna. Best breakfast I’ve ever had at a hotel! Joanne Canada Hotel Zed Kelowna Kelowna From CAD 149.64 per night 8.4 Very good · 481 reviews many activities at the hotel best especially for kids Tala Lorena Philippines Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Car hire in Kelowna Hire a car and hit the road, whether that's A to B or for a longer road trip. B&Bs in Kelowna More great accommodation options for your trip. Pet-Friendly Hotels in Kelowna More great accommodation options for your trip. Hostels in Kelowna More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Toronto Discover another destination in Canada. Hotels in Niagara Falls Discover another destination in Canada. Hotels in Canada Eager to explore more of Canada? Find hotels up and down the country! Hotels near Kelowna General Hospital Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Hotels in British Columbia Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Kelowna Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1846890,1847760|3,1833870,1866460,1870380|3,1847760,1870380,1870380|6