The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates - Abu Dhabi hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Abu Dhabi Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Abu Dhabi hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Arab Emirates Abu Dhabi Emirate Abu Dhabi Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Abu Dhabi – 211 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Southern Sun Abu Dhabi Hotel in Downtown Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi Located in the centre of the business district, Southern Sun Hotel Abu Dhabi offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a gym. Free WiFi is available in all areas. Room service is available 24 hours. Show more 8.4 Very good 8,018 reviews Price fromCAD 138.03per night Check availability Yas Island Rotana Abu Dhabi Hotel in Yas Island, Abu Dhabi Yas Island Rotana is located few minutes away from the Yas Marina Circuit, home to the Formula 1 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix; Yas Links Golf Club, Yas Marina, Ferrari World Abu Dhabi, Warner Bros. Show more 7.9 Good 5,196 reviews Price fromCAD 296.49per night Check availability Centro Yas Island-by Rotana Hotel in Yas Island, Abu Dhabi This stylish and contemporary hotel is conveniently located next to the Yas Marina Circuit, home to the Formula 1 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, The Links Golf Course by Yas Links Golf Club and Ferrari World... Show more 7.8 Good 4,177 reviews Price fromCAD 156.36per night Check availability Al Ain Palace Hotel Abu Dhabi Hotel in Downtown Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi The Al Ain Palace is a 4-star hotel facing the waterfront on Abu Dhabi’s Corniche. It offers spacious rooms and a choice of restaurants in a convenient city location. Show more 7.7 Good 2,638 reviews Price fromCAD 96.88per night Check availability Hawthorn Extended Stay by Wyndham Abu Dhabi City Center Hotel in Downtown Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Abu Dhabi City Center has a restaurant, a bar and shared lounge in Abu Dhabi. This hotel offers a concierge service and a tour desk. Show more 7.8 Good 4,040 reviews Price fromCAD 114.20per night Check availability AG Hotel Hotel in Abu Dhabi AG Hotel features bright, elegant rooms with flat-screen TVs and seating areas. The contemporary restaurant serves a continental breakfast buffet daily. Abu Dhabi Airport is a 25-minute drive away. Show more 7.7 Good 1,244 reviews Price fromCAD 110.06per night Check availability Anantara Eastern Mangroves Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Located in Sheikh Zayed Street in Abu Dhabi, Anantara Eastern Mangroves Abu Dhabi offers an outdoor swimming pool with sun terrace overlooking the Mangroves. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,670 reviews Price fromCAD 253.43per night Check availability Villaggio Hotel Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Offering an extensive dining choice, this boutique hotel is designed in a modern style. Villaggio Hotel Abu Dhabi is just off Al Salam Street, in a quiet area in the heart of Abu Dhabi. Show more 7.2 Good 1,482 reviews Price fromCAD 82.82per night Check availability Sofitel Abu Dhabi Corniche Hotel in Downtown Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi Facing the Lulu Island and the Arabian Gulf, the Sofitel Abu Dhabi Corniche features a swimming pool, spa with a sauna and a refurbished fitness centre. Show more 8.2 Very good 1,829 reviews Price fromCAD 170.52per night Check availability Bab Al Qasr Hotel Hotel in Abu Dhabi With one of the capital's largest private beaches, a sumptuous Moroccan Spa and ultra-modern gym, Bab Al Qasr provides its guests with the ultimate in urban relaxation. Show more 8.4 Very good 1,574 reviews Price fromCAD 238.89per night Check availability See all 120 hotels in Abu Dhabi Cheapest time to stay in Abu Dhabi In June you can stay in Abu Dhabi for an average price of CA$85 per night CA$210CA$168CA$126CA$84CA$42CA$0 CA$107 Jan CA$145 Feb CA$99 Mar CA$87 Apr CA$86 May CA$85 Jun CA$89 Jul CA$90 Aug CA$113 Sep CA$163 Oct CA$160 Nov CA$126 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Abu Dhabi in the past month See all Millennium Al Rawdah Hotel Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 7.4 Good · 5,524 reviews Premier Inn Abu Dhabi International Airport Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 8.1 Very good · 13,799 reviews Jannah Burj Al Sarab Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 8.3 Very good · 4,288 reviews Millennium Central Al Mafraq Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 6.9 Pleasant · 3,010 reviews Ibis Abu Dhabi Gate Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 7.5 Good · 6,459 reviews Grand Continental Flamingo Hotel Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 7.2 Good · 3,752 reviews Al Raha Beach Hotel Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 8.7 Fabulous · 4,284 reviews Ramada Abu Dhabi Corniche Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 7.6 Good · 8,153 reviews TRYP by Wyndham Abu Dhabi City Center Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 7.8 Good · 5,666 reviews Southern Sun Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Popular with guests booking hotels in Abu Dhabi 8.4 Very good · 8,019 reviews Abu Dhabi's best hotels with breakfast See all Marriott Hotel Al Forsan, Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Breakfast options Marriott Hotel Al Forsan, Abu Dhabi is located within Al Forsan International Sports Resort in Abu Dhabi, 10 km from Ferrari World Abu Dhabi. everything - staff, cleanliness, breakfast choices Avg. price/night: CAD 288.66 8.3 Very good · 1,513 reviews Bab Al Qasr Hotel Hotel in Abu Dhabi Breakfast options With one of the capital's largest private beaches, a sumptuous Moroccan Spa and ultra-modern gym, Bab Al Qasr provides its guests with the ultimate in urban relaxation. The view The Beach Swimmin pool Quit hotel Friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 295.03 8.4 Very good · 1,574 reviews Jannah Burj Al Sarab Hotel in Abu Dhabi Breakfast options Jannah Burj Al Sarab is located in the heart of downtown Abu Dhabi, just a 5- minute drive to the Corniche. Guests can enjoy the super fast WiFi throughout the entire hotel. Nice location near park n seaview. Big n clean room Avg. price/night: CAD 181.83 8.3 Very good · 4,288 reviews Courtyard by Marriott World Trade Center, Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Breakfast options Courtyard by Marriott World Trade Center, Abu Dhabi is centrally located in the heart of Abu Dhabi’s downtown district near a variety of renowned business destinations. it was an amazing hotel clean rooms, wonderful view Avg. price/night: CAD 185.93 8.6 Fabulous · 2,454 reviews Royal Rose Hotel Hotel in Abu Dhabi Breakfast options The Royal Rose is a luxurious 5-star hotel located in the middle of Abu Dhabi. Its exterior hints to a 17th century French palace. It offers an outdoor pool, a gym and a spa. The room was fantastic Food was great Gym was good Avg. price/night: CAD 227.97 8.6 Fabulous · 5,007 reviews Dusit Thani Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Breakfast options Centrally located in the new government district, close to the city's habitat of the Eastern Mangroves, Dusit Thani Abu Dhabi is a short ride from the Corniche. Excellent stay, food very good and all staff helpful. Avg. price/night: CAD 194.11 8.8 Fabulous · 5,317 reviews Anantara Eastern Mangroves Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Breakfast options Located in Sheikh Zayed Street in Abu Dhabi, Anantara Eastern Mangroves Abu Dhabi offers an outdoor swimming pool with sun terrace overlooking the Mangroves. Facilities, staff friendliness and the restaurant food Avg. price/night: CAD 347.76 8.3 Very good · 1,670 reviews Andaz Capital Gate Abu Dhabi - a concept by Hyatt Hotel in Abu Dhabi Breakfast options The Andaz Capital Gate Abu Dhabi is situated in the famous Capital Gate building and only walking distance from the Exhibition centre. Breakfast was awesome and so was the view and the pool. Avg. price/night: CAD 266.34 8.8 Fabulous · 2,293 reviews Budget hotels in Abu Dhabi See all Pearl Rotana Capital Centre Hotel in Abu Dhabi Budget Hotel Located at the heart of Abu Dhabi’s business district, Pearl Rotana Capital Centre is a modern deluxe hotel. The space was great and I enjoyed the pool and gym Avg. price/night: CAD 150.01 8.7 Fabulous · 2,391 reviews Southern Sun Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Budget Hotel Located in the centre of the business district, Southern Sun Hotel Abu Dhabi offers an outdoor pool, a sauna and a gym. Free WiFi is available in all areas. Room service is available 24 hours. The Staff are excellent and extremely helpful indeed. Avg. price/night: CAD 170.47 8.4 Very good · 8,019 reviews Premier Inn Abu Dhabi International Airport Hotel in Abu Dhabi Budget Hotel Premier Inn Abu Dhabi International Airport is directly accessible after Arrivals Passport Control via the air-conditioned Skypark walkway in Terminals 1 & 3. Excellent staff, great breakfast fantastic overalll Avg. price/night: CAD 143.19 8.1 Very good · 13,799 reviews Novotel Abu Dhabi Al Bustan Hotel in Abu Dhabi Budget Hotel Situated 20 minutes away from Abu Dhabi International Airport, the Novotel Abu Dhabi Al Bustan is an upscale hotel offering 361 contemporary rooms and suites. The breakfast was amazing! The bed was good as well Avg. price/night: CAD 133.56 8.0 Very good · 10,235 reviews Premier Inn Abu Dhabi Capital Centre Hotel in Abu Dhabi Budget Hotel Situated in a walking distance from Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre (ADNEC) and within 12 minutes (1.3 km) of Zayed Sports City; Premier Inn Abu Dhabi Capital Centre offers air-conditioned rooms... Everything! It's an amaizining hotel with everything you need! Avg. price/night: CAD 104.33 8.2 Very good · 7,799 reviews Ramada Downtown Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Budget Hotel Ramada Downtown Abu Dhabi hotel is in the heart of Abu Dhabi, conveniently located within a 5-minutes walking distance from Abu Dhabi Shopping Mall, the city’s business district and 25 minutes’ drive... Veronica, Furqan, Shehab were very helpful as always. Avg. price/night: CAD 126.83 8.0 Very good · 5,645 reviews Centro Al Manhal by Rotana Hotel in Abu Dhabi Budget Hotel Centrally located in Abu Dhabi, the 3-star Centro Al Manhal by Rotana is only 2 minutes walking to al Wahda Mall and 5 minutes walking to the main bus terminal. Location was nice and even the staff is very good . Avg. price/night: CAD 103.17 8.1 Very good · 2,526 reviews City Seasons Al Hamra Hotel Hotel in Abu Dhabi Budget Hotel Situated in Abu Dhabi’s business district, City Seasons Al Hamra offers modern rooms with free Wi-Fi and a fitness centre. It has a restaurant, which serves a buffet-style breakfast. Good staff thanks Ms arcelie and dhe receptio your doing good job Avg. price/night: CAD 149.33 8.5 Very good · 4,303 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Abu Dhabi See all The WB Abu Dhabi, Curio Collection By Hilton Hotel in Yas Island, Abu Dhabi Central location The WB Abu Dhabi, Curio Collection By Hilton has an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre, a garden and terrace in Abu Dhabi. Everything, restaurants staff rooms meet and greet Avg. price/night: CAD 598.92 9.2 Superb · 4,225 reviews Shangri-La Qaryat Al Beri, Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Central location Located on a private beach with panoramic views of the strait in Abu Dhabi, this exclusive property offers Arabic gondola rides and the lavish CHI, The Spa featuring outdoor pools and massage... Duty Manager Mr Nadir is service star in all means Avg. price/night: CAD 363.67 8.9 Fabulous · 2,848 reviews Marriott Executive Apartments Downtown, Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Central location Centrally located in the heart of Abu Dhabi, Marriott Executive Apartments Downtown is ideally situated for easy access to the rest of the city. Big aparment, private parking, excellent expirience. 8.8 Fabulous · 140 reviews Rixos Marina Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Central location Set in Abu Dhabi, 2.8 km from The Nation Riviera Beach Club, Rixos Marina Abu Dhabi offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Swimming pool , service, hotel itself is so beautiful Avg. price/night: CAD 289.80 8.8 Fabulous · 1,016 reviews Park Rotana Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Central location Situated five minutes away from the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, Zayed Sports City, Wahat Al Karama Memorial Park and the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre, Park Rotana features free WiFi, five food... the property was amazing, the gym and chilling zones. Avg. price/night: CAD 204.56 8.7 Fabulous · 1,584 reviews Traders Hotel, Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Central location With a private beach and CHI spa, Qaryat Al Beri offers luxurious accommodation 10 minutes’ drive from Abu Dhabi Airport. It offers an outdoor pool, rooms with LCD TVs and free Wi-Fi. Amazing property. Best staff and delicious breakfast 💎 Avg. price/night: CAD 144.10 8.6 Fabulous · 7,428 reviews W Abu Dhabi - Yas Island Hotel in Yas Island, Abu Dhabi Central location W Abu Dhabi - Yas Island features a unique design, set half on land and half on water. It offers multiple dining and lounge venues, modern rooms with mood lighting and free internet. The staff, the location. In other words it was perfect! Avg. price/night: CAD 590.96 8.6 Fabulous · 2,407 reviews Cristal Hotel Abu Dhabi Hotel in Abu Dhabi Central location Located in Abu Dhabi’s business district, next to Medinat Zayed Shopping Mall, Cristal Hotel offers modern rooms with free internet access and minibar. was near at Gold center, Mall, Central bus station Avg. price/night: CAD 170.47 8.5 Very good · 2,515 reviews FAQs about hotels in Abu Dhabi How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Abu Dhabi? On average, 3-star hotels in Abu Dhabi cost CAD 166 per night, and 4-star hotels in Abu Dhabi are CAD 187 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Abu Dhabi can on average be found for CAD 353 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Abu Dhabi for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Abu Dhabi this weekend is CAD 145 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 183. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Abu Dhabi for this weekend cost on average around CAD 600 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Abu Dhabi for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 136 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Abu Dhabi for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 198 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Abu Dhabi will cost around CAD 440 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Abu Dhabi are good for families? Many families visiting Abu Dhabi loved staying at InterContinental Residences Abu Dhabi, an IHG Hotel, Rosewood Abu Dhabi and The Abu Dhabi EDITION. What are the best hotels in Abu Dhabi near Mussafah? Some of the best hotels in Abu Dhabi near Mussafah include Gravity Hotel Abu Dhabi, Top House Hostel and ERTH Abu Dhabi Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Abu Dhabi? The WB Abu Dhabi, Curio Collection By Hilton, Four Seasons Hotel Abu Dhabi at Al Maryah Island and The Abu Dhabi EDITION are some of the popular hotels in Abu Dhabi. What hotels in Abu Dhabi offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Abu Dhabi that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Shangri-La Qaryat Al Beri, Abu Dhabi, Hilton Abu Dhabi Yas Island and Grand Hyatt Abu Dhabi Hotel & Residences Emirates Pearl. What hotels in Abu Dhabi are good for couples? These hotels in Abu Dhabi are highly rated by couples: ERTH Abu Dhabi Hotel, InterContinental Residences Abu Dhabi, an IHG Hotel and The WB Abu Dhabi, Curio Collection By Hilton. What hotels in Abu Dhabi have nice views? Rixos Marina Abu Dhabi, Grand Hyatt Abu Dhabi Hotel & Residences Emirates Pearl and Rosewood Abu Dhabi have received great reviews from travellers in Abu Dhabi regarding the views from their hotel rooms. A Modern Arabian Dream As you fly into Abu Dhabi International Airport, it’s probably good to know that the vast array of streets with multiple names is best negotiated by landmarks rather than exact addresses. And you won’t be short of landmarks since this fast-growing metropolis is packed with tourist attractions. The Sheikh Zayed Mosque is the 6th largest mosque in the world and is already open, nearing completion. Most buildings and public areas are on this grand scale, such as the 123 metre flagpole on Marina Island or the extensive Khalifa Park which, amongst other attractions, has its own train. Along the aquamarine waters of the Persian Gulf lies the remarkable waterfront of Corniche, which offers a walkway along its entire 6 km. From here the modern Arabian skyline can be taken in and by night the scene is illuminated, creating an even more glorious spectacle. However, shopping is really where it’s at in Abu Dhabi. Malls such as the Marina, Abu Dhabi and Al Wahda Malls provide a multitude of goods, endless boutique options and plentiful food halls. Stay at some of the finest 5-star hotels in buildings that literally scrape the sky or find more budget accommodations in this luxury city, with over 90 to choose from on Booking.com. Learn more about visiting Abu Dhabi 992 attractions 59 points of interest 7 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Abu Dhabi City trip 16,783 reviews Sightseeing 5,690 reviews Road trip 278 reviews Deserts & safari 144 reviews Family-friendly 1,349 reviews Theme Parks 403 reviews What guests said about Abu Dhabi: 10 Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque - beautiful and a must-see! Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque - beautiful and a must-see! Public transport slightly difficult to navigate. Best to sort this at the airport! Women at front of the bus, men at the back. Touch in and out of bus. Chantelle United Kingdom 10 Up and coming! so many cultural attractions. Up and coming! so many cultural attractions. It is fast becoming, if not already the event capital of the region! can't wait to see the new destinations that are to open over the next couple of years! Muhammad Osman United Arab Emirates 10 Abu Dhabi is a fast growing city. Abu Dhabi is a fast growing city. I thought that I could visit Abu Dhabi after all those construction site finished with a Metro train. I didn't visited many places because I went on an official meeting. However I visited the Grand Mosq which is very attracting place. visited some shopping malls. I experienced that there is no price control. because of that tourist buy same items in different places in different price. find basic foods also very difficult. Travel cost is very high with taxi rather than public transport 10 Getting around is easy - taxis are everywhere that you'd... Getting around is easy - taxis are everywhere that you'd want to see. The hotel staff is great about helping with that. The Louvre Abu Dhabi is a must see, as is the Sheik Zayed Grand Mosque. Also, the Qasr Al Watan (Palace) is not to be missed, nor is the Abrahamic Center (near the Louvre). I didn't know what to expect in Abu Dhabi - so was very pleasantly surprised by the amazing places we saw. The food was also terrific - we went to the Punjab Palace (at the Ritz Carlton) was some of the best Indian food we have ever had!! The breakfast buffet at the hotel is also excellent. Regina United States 10 Multicultural, much less conservative city than I expected. Multicultural, much less conservative city than I expected. Futuristic architecture, wonderful restaurants, beautiful beaches. Make sure you visit the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, Louvre Abu Dhabi, Ferrari World Yas Island, and Al Ain. Dune bashing and a night desert safari is a must. There are many local tour operators in Abu Dhabi that offer day trips to Dubai. Mirjana United Kingdom 10 The location was great and they gave us a better room due to... The location was great and they gave us a better room due to the late check-in time. The room we stayed in was very clean and the breakfast was delicious. The receptionist girl was so kind. I recommend this hotel to Abu Dhabi travellers! Merve Turkey Explore guest reviews of hotels in Abu Dhabi See all Radisson Blu Hotel, Abu Dhabi Yas Island Yas Island, Abu Dhabi From CAD 254.89 per night 7.7 Good · 5,291 reviews The facility and the staff. Specially Ms.Irene and Ms.Evangeline in the Reception. Ms. Irene is super friendly. The way she welcomed us is superb. After we entered our room, I was amazed of the cleanliness of the room and the perfect view in the balcony. So relaxing. After a few minutes, Ms.Evangeline called us and asking about the room. If there's anything else that we need. We stayed in so many hotels but only Radisson Blu Yas Island is doing that great job by asking their guest from the beginning Vince United Arab Emirates Crowne Plaza Yas Island, an IHG Hotel Yas Island, Abu Dhabi From CAD 270.43 per night 8.1 Very good · 7,281 reviews Very professional stuff, kind and polite and speaking excellent English. Breakfast....where do I start?...So many choices from different cuisines, all freshly cooked, plus fresh fruits....Eating on the balcony was perfect....No shortage of freshly made cappuccinos.... Hotel is positioned very close to water, so a stroll to Yas beach is short. Excellent pool, beautiful bars, spacious modern rooms. Just a short drive from the airport. Would love to stay there again. Oksana WALL Australia Royal M Hotel & Resort Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi From CAD 245.48 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 3,266 reviews Excellent staff specially Ms. Salama she is very very cooperative and helpful. Royal M hotel is one of best hotels in Abu Dhabi very clean rooms and big rooms Excellent view of room one of biggest swimming pool with sea view Hotel having private islands and reachable by boat very recommended also for family near by area also very attractive. water slide for kids really very beautiful hotel in Abu Dhabi and I stayed twice time and my kids always liked to satays in this hotel. Muhammad Kaleem United Arab Emirates Jannah Burj Al Sarab Abu Dhabi From CAD 181.83 per night 8.3 Very good · 4,288 reviews The bathroom was great, the room was average size and they had bathrobes for the guests. The breakfast was really good, there was a wide variety of options and they have a pancake and waffle station. The TV has English TV channels, and lots in different languages so there is something for everyone to watch. The staff on the front desk and the valet team are very helpful. the hotel is stood for a short stay/business stay. Teresa United Kingdom Park Arjaan by Rotana, Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi From CAD 227.47 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 340 reviews Wonderful staff Mrs.Alaa,Mr.Raj and Mr.Mohamad they were very helpful in smooth check inn and they help me with late check out as well. The location was very convenient for me it is in the middle between the downtown and Yas area. Also, wasn't far from Abu Dhabi airport about 20min by taxi. The hotel was very quiet although they were having alot of groups checked inn during my stay. Fahad United States Grand Mercure Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi From CAD 193.20 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 2,753 reviews The staff is very kind and helpful. Special thanks to « Winta » at the reception with whom we had a Quick and smooth check in &out. We received a complimentary room upgrade. The suite is spacious, comfortable and clean. Breakfast is great although the space could be bigger. Location is perfect. One of the fewest hotels in Abu Dhabi offering free parking. Abdelaziz Qatar Khalidiya Hotel Abu Dhabi From CAD 163.65 per night 7.0 Good · 3,063 reviews Where ever most of the hotels in Abu Dhabi Are good but the Most remarkable thing in this hotel are the Crew specifically the front office how kind and friendly they made me feel I own the room I’ll speech less about them specially Mr. Abdullah🫶🏼, Mr.Hashish 🫶🏼and the Supervisor Mr Roger 🤩 thank you guys you making my stay magnificent Mohamed United Arab Emirates Conrad Abu Dhabi Etihad Towers Abu Dhabi From CAD 340.03 per night 9.3 Superb · 2,037 reviews Am solo traveler traveling for work and I have tried best hotels in the city but after all this I would say Conrad etihad have kept the same standards and they even exceeded the expectations when it comes to the room Cleanning, Managment always there to change anything you don’t like as a guest . Nabil United Arab Emirates Four Seasons Hotel Abu Dhabi at Al Maryah Island Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi From CAD 486.41 per night 9.2 Superb · 1,287 reviews Four Seasons is Four Seasons. Luxury defined. I love the cleanliness, and the hotel and rooms have got a great home feel to them. Lots of natural light and nice colours. I've been to many hotels in AD but Four Seasons is top two. Karim United Arab Emirates Park Hyatt Abu Dhabi Hotel and Villas Saadiyat Island, Abu Dhabi From CAD 559.50 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 1,993 reviews Mary Love in the restaurant was the most welcoming and sincere hostess. everything about this Hotel was top class. I have stayed in many 5* hotels in UAE, this is my favourite best beach I’ve experienced in the world Michael Ireland Southern Sun Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi From CAD 170.47 per night 8.4 Very good · 8,019 reviews This is one of my favorite hotels in Abu Dhabi. The staff are always friendly and professional. The rooms are spacious . The hotel has great restaurants to choose from. It's all around great value for money. Yasodhee Moodley South Africa Millennium Downtown Abu Dhabi From CAD 143.81 per night 7.2 Good · 1,598 reviews Food was okay. Nothing good to say about this place for this price. Stayed in multiple hotels in Abu Dhabi for a similar price and it was much better. Rami United Arab Emirates Traders Hotel, Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi From CAD 144.10 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 7,428 reviews Traders hotel one of my favorite hotels in AD. Almaine is very professional, very keen to help and always smiling Suhad United Arab Emirates Dusit Thani Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi From CAD 194.11 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 5,317 reviews one of the best hotels in the world. clean and comfy room. good breakfast. kind-hearted hotel staff. anthony United Arab Emirates Premier Inn Abu Dhabi International Airport Abu Dhabi From CAD 143.19 per night 8.1 Very good · 13,799 reviews It’s good for what it is. An airport hotel. It is clean, reasonable priced and friendly staff. Firat Australia Emirates Palace Mandarin Oriental, Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi From CAD 836.44 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 1,301 reviews Best hotel in Abu Dhabi, this place is beautiful! You have to try it 1 time in your life Thibeault Canada Andaz Capital Gate Abu Dhabi - a concept by Hyatt Abu Dhabi From CAD 266.34 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 2,293 reviews Best view I had for hotels in Abu Dhabi The hotel is super new Great location Hung United Arab Emirates Al Diar Sawa Hotel Apartments Abu Dhabi From CAD 122.74 per night 8.1 Very good · 3,749 reviews The parking is always available unlike other hotels in the same area Homam Syria L'Arabia Hotel Apartments Abu Dhabi From CAD 113.65 per night 6.8 Pleasant · 901 reviews out of two hotel apartments in Mussaffa Shabiya, it’s very good Sandheep United Arab Emirates Radisson Blu Hotel, Abu Dhabi Yas Island Yas Island, Abu Dhabi From CAD 254.89 per night 7.7 Good · 5,291 reviews I love Yas Island plaza hotels in general Amedo Saudi Arabia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Ras al Khaimah Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Ras al Khaimah, also popular with our guests! Hotels in Al Ain Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in the United Arab Emirates Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Yas Island Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Saadiyat Island Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Things to do in Abu Dhabi How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels near Abu Dhabi National Exhibitions Centre Find the perfect hotel in Abu Dhabi with Abu Dhabi National Exhibitions Centre right on your doorstep. Hotels in Abu Dhabi Emirate Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels near Abu Dhabi International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Abu Dhabi Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760|3,1847760,1870380|7,1866460,1870380|3,1871440,1833870,1846890,1870380