The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Edmonton, Canada - Edmonton hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Edmonton Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Edmonton hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada Alberta Edmonton Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Edmonton – 114 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Edmonton An indoor pool and hot tub is available at the Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, only 7 km from Whyte Avenue. A breakfast buffet is served each morning. Free WiFi is available. Show more 7.7 Good 1,597 reviews Price fromCAD 119.99per night Check availability Home2 Suites By Hilton Edmonton South Hotel in Edmonton Located in Edmonton, within 11 km of Whyte Avenue and 14 km of University of Alberta, Home2 Suites By Hilton Edmonton South provides accommodation with a fitness centre and free WiFi throughout the... Show more 8.9 Fabulous 1,038 reviews Price fromCAD 118.15per night Check availability Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Southeast Edmonton, Edmonton Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events has a restaurant, fitness centre, a bar and shared lounge in Edmonton. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 793 reviews Price fromCAD 103per night Check availability Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere Hotel in Edmonton Located in Edmonton, 12 km from Fort Edmonton Park, Tru By Hilton Edmonton Windermere provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking and a shared lounge. Show more 8.0 Very good 512 reviews Price fromCAD 101.15per night Check availability Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites-West Edmonton, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton An indoor pool and hot tub are available for guests at Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites West Edmonton, only 3 km from West Edmonton Mall. On-site dining is featured at the property. Show more 8.2 Very good 306 reviews Price fromCAD 127per night Check availability Delta Hotels by Marriott Edmonton Centre Suites Hotel in Downtown Edmonton, Edmonton Delta Hotels Edmonton Centre Suites is a business-friendly and family-friendly hotel located in the heart of downtown Edmonton, offering pet-friendly rooms and modern amenities. 7.6 Good 161 reviews Price fromCAD 178per night Check availability Commercial Hotel Hotel in Whyte ave, Edmonton The Commercial Hotel is situated on Whyte Avenue, and 2.1 km from University of Alberta. There is a casino on site and guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Every room is equipped with a TV. Show more 5.4 Average 11 reviews Price fromCAD 99per night Check availability Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton St. Albert, Ab Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton Located 10 km from Shaw Conference Centre, Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton St. Albert, Ab offers 2-star accommodation in Edmonton and features a fitness centre, a shared lounge and a bar. Show more 9.0 Superb 558 reviews Price fromCAD 126.65per night Check availability JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District Hotel in Downtown Edmonton, Edmonton Situated in Edmonton, 1.1 km from Shaw Conference Centre, JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District features accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a shared lounge and a bar. Show more 9.2 Superb 397 reviews Price fromCAD 231per night Check availability Hyatt Place Edmonton West Hotel in Edmonton Hyatt Place Edmonton West offers pet-friendly accommodation in Edmonton. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. All rooms are fitted with a flat-screen TV. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,652 reviews Price fromCAD 139per night Check availability See all 97 hotels in Edmonton Cheapest time to stay in Edmonton In January you can stay in Edmonton for an average price of CA$124 per night CA$181CA$145CA$109CA$72CA$36CA$0 CA$124 Jan CA$131 Feb CA$133 Mar CA$133 Apr CA$137 May CA$137 Jun CA$132 Jul CA$137 Aug CA$132 Sep CA$134 Oct CA$129 Nov CA$130 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Edmonton in the past month See all Coast Edmonton Plaza Hotel by APA Hotel in Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 7.9 Good · 1,772 reviews Days Inn by Wyndham Edmonton Downtown Hotel in Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 7.8 Good · 1,584 reviews Sawridge Inn and Conference Centre Edmonton South Hotel in Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 7.6 Good · 1,190 reviews Sandman Signature Edmonton Downtown Hotel Hotel in Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 7.6 Good · 1,129 reviews Hyatt Place Edmonton West Hotel in Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 8.3 Very good · 1,653 reviews Chateau Lacombe Hotel Hotel in Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 7.6 Good · 1,305 reviews Comfort Inn Edmonton West Hotel in Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 7.3 Good · 1,361 reviews Argyll Plaza Hotel Hotel in Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 7.8 Good · 1,292 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Edmonton South Hotel in Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 7.8 Good · 1,724 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Edmonton/West Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton Popular with guests booking hotels in Edmonton 7.5 Good · 1,526 reviews Edmonton's best hotels with breakfast See all TownePlace Suites by Marriott Edmonton South Hotel in Edmonton Breakfast options Located in Edmonton, 11 km from Whyte Avenue, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Edmonton South provides accommodation with free bikes, free private parking and a fitness centre. Excellent breakfast. great location and great staff Avg. price/night: CAD 162.41 8.2 Very good · 183 reviews Metterra Hotel on Whyte Hotel in Edmonton Breakfast options Offering a contemporary-style, this Edmonton hotel features fireplace and spacious rooms with a spa bath. The University of Alberta is a 5-minute drive away. Breakfast is great Like the late check out at noon Avg. price/night: CAD 180.75 8.2 Very good · 699 reviews Holiday Inn Express Edmonton North, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Northeast Edmonton, Edmonton Breakfast options Located on Highway 15 and less than 20 minutes’ drive from central Edmonton, this hotel features an indoor pool. Free Wi-Fi and a daily breakfast buffet are provided. Location had all amenities needed and easy access. Avg. price/night: CAD 118.91 8.1 Very good · 302 reviews Hampton Inn by Hilton Edmonton South Hotel in Edmonton Breakfast options This hotel, 9 miles from the University of Alberta, features an indoor pool and hot tub. Rooms at Hampton Inn by Hilton Edmonton South offer 37-inch flat-screen cable TVs and free WiFi. Breakfast was great, perfect location, very quiet. Avg. price/night: CAD 112.37 8.4 Very good · 671 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Edmonton Downtown Hotel in Edmonton Breakfast options This Edmonton, Alberta hotel offers rooms with free high-speed internet access and features the Riverside Bistro. The Shaw Conference Center and Central Light Rail Station are steps from the hotel. The view and location were great. Staff was very friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 156.06 8.0 Very good · 414 reviews Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Hotel in Edmonton Breakfast options Overlooking the River Valley, this Edmonton hotel features a restaurant and a spa with massage services. A flat-screen TV is offered in all rooms. Rogers Place is 1 km away. very attractive historical building and environment Avg. price/night: CAD 302.01 8.2 Very good · 368 reviews Best Western Plus West Edmonton Hotel in Edmonton Breakfast options Best Western Plus West Edmonton features an indoor pool, hot tub and 24-hour fitness center. Breakfast and room and hot tub . It is close to WEM Avg. price/night: CAD 148.16 8.6 Fabulous · 357 reviews Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites-West Edmonton, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton Breakfast options An indoor pool and hot tub are available for guests at Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites West Edmonton, only 3 km from West Edmonton Mall. On-site dining is featured at the property. Loved the front desk staff. They were very friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 142.24 8.2 Very good · 306 reviews Budget hotels in Edmonton See all Element Edmonton West Hotel in Edmonton Budget Hotel Element Edmonton West features free bikes, fitness centre, a shared lounge and restaurant in Edmonton. With a bar, the 3-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Breakfast was really good and staff was excellent! Avg. price/night: CAD 133.83 8.5 Very good · 376 reviews Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Edmonton North Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton Budget Hotel Set in Edmonton, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Edmonton North offers 3-star accommodation with free bikes and a fitness centre. Bkfst was fine but boiled eggs would have been nice. Avg. price/night: CAD 125.35 8.4 Very good · 352 reviews Candlewood Suites West Edmonton - Mall Area, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Edmonton Budget Hotel Featuring underground heated parking, Candlewood Suites West Edmonton - Mall Area is only 2.1 km from West Edmonton Mall. I loved the location, close to restaurants and to WEM Avg. price/night: CAD 135.40 8.5 Very good · 362 reviews Home2 Suites by Hilton West Edmonton Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton Budget Hotel Featuring an indoor pool, Home2 Suites by Hilton West Edmonton is 9 minutes' drive from West Edmonton Mall. A restaurant is located right next door. A kitchenette is provided in each suite. Rooms, breakfast, staff responsiveness, cleanliness Avg. price/night: CAD 132.65 8.5 Very good · 741 reviews Staybridge Suites West Edmonton, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton Budget Hotel Located 4 km from Palace Casino, Staybridge Suites West Edmonton features an indoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. A microwave and a refrigerator are offered in each guest suite. Clean, quiet, kitchenette had everything i needed. Avg. price/night: CAD 146.17 8.5 Very good · 270 reviews Chateau Nova Yellowhead Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton Budget Hotel An on-site restaurant with bar is featured at this Edmonton hotel. A microwave and refrigerator are offered in each room. Free Wi-Fi is included. Rexall Place is 10 minutes’ drive away. Exceptional client oriented services and clean room Avg. price/night: CAD 154.06 8.5 Very good · 701 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Edmonton Gateway Hotel in Edmonton Budget Hotel Boasting a spa and a restaurant, this property is 18 km from Edmonton International Airport. A refrigerator are offered in each guest room. Free WiFi is available. 3x EV Chargers in a heated garage - perfect for EV owners! Avg. price/night: CAD 150.08 8.3 Very good · 137 reviews Varscona Hotel on Whyte Hotel in Edmonton Budget Hotel This hotel is just 4 km from the city centre of Edmonton and a 10 minute walk from the University of Alberta. Free WiFi is available throughout the property. Great location, nice room easy parking and good breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 180.75 8.3 Very good · 785 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Edmonton See all Canterra Suites Hotel Hotel in Edmonton Central location This all-suite hotel is located near downtown Edmonton and Grant MacEwan University. Each suite features a fully equipped kitchen, fireplace and high-speed internet access. I liked the location Staff were great and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 173.31 8.9 Fabulous · 140 reviews River Cree Resort & Casino Hotel in Edmonton Central location Located on a 49-acre estate just off Highway 2, this luxury Enoch hotel features an on-site casino and 5 restaurants. Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas. Room was amazing. enjoyed breakfast in restaurant. Avg. price/night: CAD 214.25 8.6 Fabulous · 258 reviews Campus Tower Suite Hotel Hotel in Edmonton Central location Located adjacent to the University of Alberta campus, this Edmonton hotel boasts an on-site restaurant and bar. Each suite offers free WiFi access throughout. Great location. Friendly staff. Good room layout. Avg. price/night: CAD 191.49 8.5 Very good · 212 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton/West Hotel in Edmonton Central location Featuring an indoor pool and a hot tub, this Edmonton hotel provides a daily hot breakfast. A fitness centre is available to all guests. Free Wi-Fi is included in each room. Excellent room, one of the nicest we have stayed in. Avg. price/night: CAD 140.28 8.5 Very good · 387 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Edmonton West Hotel in Edmonton Central location This Edmonton, Alberta hotel is just 5 km from the indoor amusement park at the West Edmonton Mall. It features an indoor pool, an on-site restaurant and a gym. Location great. Comfort and the facilities fantastic Avg. price/night: CAD 159.04 8.4 Very good · 99 reviews Sandman Signature Edmonton South Hotel Hotel in Edmonton Central location Situated in Edmonton, Alberta, this hotel is 13.6 km from the University of Alberta. It features an indoor pool and guest rooms with free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen cable TV. The staff was excellent, very friendly and welcoming Avg. price/night: CAD 132.48 8.4 Very good · 715 reviews Matrix Hotel Hotel in Edmonton Central location This modern Edmonton, Alberta hotel features on-site dining, a fitness centre and a flat-screen satellite TV in every room. Rooms very clean, friendly staff. Lounge was enjoyable Avg. price/night: CAD 178.51 8.2 Very good · 981 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton West Edmonton Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton Central location An on-site restaurant with bar is offered at this Edmonton hotel. Free Wi-Fi and a 42” flat-screen cable TV features in each guest room. West Edmonton Mall is less than a 5-minute drive. The breakfast was amazing, way more than we expected! Avg. price/night: CAD 161.28 8.2 Very good · 400 reviews FAQs about hotels in Edmonton Which hotels in Edmonton are good for families? Many families visiting Edmonton loved staying at JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton St. Albert, Ab and River Cree Resort & Casino. What are the best hotels in Edmonton near West Edmonton Mall? Some of the best hotels in Edmonton near West Edmonton Mall include The Dewberry Homestay B&B, Fantasyland Hotel and West Edmonton Mall Inn. What are the best hotels in Edmonton near Edmonton International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Edmonton near Edmonton International Airport (YEG) have said good things about Renaissance Edmonton Airport Hotel, Fairfield by Marriott Edmonton International Airport and Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Edmonton Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Edmonton? JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton St. Albert, Ab and Home2 Suites By Hilton Edmonton South are some of the popular hotels in Edmonton. What hotels in Edmonton offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Edmonton that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Four Points by Sheraton Edmonton Gateway, Chateau Nova Yellowhead and Element Edmonton West. What hotels in Edmonton are good for couples? These hotels in Edmonton are highly rated by couples: JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Canterra Suites Hotel and Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton St. Albert, Ab. What hotels in Edmonton have nice views? JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District, Holiday Inn Edmonton South - Evario Events, an IHG Hotel and Hampton Inn & Suites Edmonton/West have received great reviews from travellers in Edmonton regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Learn more about visiting Edmonton 1 attraction 23 points of interest 5 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Edmonton: 10 Edmonton is a great city! Edmonton is a great city! Super affordable with lots of things to do, but you have to plan the time that you come to catch the right events. People are friendly here, you just have to be aware of yourself as you travel as there are some homeless people downtown - they don't bother you, but its just means you should stay on main streets and you'll be fine. Tash Canada 8.0 We live in Calgary so we often take three to five mini... We live in Calgary so we often take three to five mini holidays. We come up so hubby can gamble and I can do whatever I want or don’t want to do. We take in local markets, drive around exploring, go to west Edmonton mall, just do whatever. Judithe Canada 8.0 I was there for a family emergency so it was as long as it... I was there for a family emergency so it was as long as it needed to be. I used to live in Edmonton and although I still have many friends and family there, it isn't my home anymore. The city has changed a lot. The public transit is miserable and really expensive for what is there. The city is super dirty and the parks that are still there, are really not well maintained. I used to work at the Legislature and was able to attend there to meet some old friends but it just felt wrong. I think Edmonton is a shadow of what it used to be. Too bad. Would I recommend it as a travel destination? Well maybe WEM but otherwise I can't imagine why anyone would go as a travel destination. Just another city with nothing really special to offer. I do still recommend going to Japanese Village for dinner however. Still the same show and good food. N Nicky Walker-Kobly Estonia 10 Great place to visit. People are nice and friendly. Great place to visit. People are nice and friendly. The hockey is great! I hope to return someday, preferably in summer. I relied on being driven to places and all of the drivers were very nice and helpful. 2.0 I liked my travel in Edmonton, and disliked my stay in this... I liked my travel in Edmonton, and disliked my stay in this dirty house charging cleaning fees to not have my room cleaned n bed made at the very least. The kitchen and throughout was 2 star at the best with old stained dirty furniture and appliances. The ad made me think I had a TV n several things offered that were not had, as well as so called quiet time of 9 pm till 8 am as though in a halfway house or something for people of low integrity to make mature decisions of their own accord. Linda 8.0 Lots of shops and things to do, great places to eat with an... Lots of shops and things to do, great places to eat with an amazing variety, like Philty Phillys sandwich spot, Northern Chicken, Smash Burger, Jolly Bee's Chicken and much more. CON'S: Traffic sucks and the road construction is ridiculous with much of it having poor set up for traffic control and detour abilities. Greg Canada Explore guest reviews of hotels in Edmonton See all Four Points by Sheraton Edmonton West Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 95.20 per night 8.3 Very good 381 reviews A great location if you are accessing the West End, like West Edmonton Mall or the Valley Zoo. Very close to restaurants and a Wal Mart right behind it if you need supplies for the family. The rooms were a good size. Breakfast was excellent every day. The pool is a great size for younger families. The rooms are accessible - the doors to the bathroom were large enough to accommodate a wheelchair and there are railings on the low tub and shower. This is a nice touch for families too. Show more Show less Tyler Canada Fairfield by Marriott Edmonton International Airport Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 135.15 per night 8.7 Fabulous 956 reviews The hotel room was clean, quiet and comfortable. Considering that it is located about 1.5 km from the Edmonton International Airport, in close proximity to mall shopping and virtually across the street from Costco it is an excellent location and good value for the money. They also have long term parking and shuttles running every half an hour for the convenience of travelers. Breakfast has a fairly large choice of hot and cold offerings. Show more Show less Albert Canada HI Edmonton - Hostel Edmonton From CAD 30.68 per night 8.1 Very good 577 reviews Staff was great, bedroom and common areas were very clean, location made it easy to navigate the city and there was lots of shops/restaurants/bars close by. The LRT was about a 20-minute walk away and busses to downtown/West Edmonton Mall are a block away and run every 15-minutes or so. I also had a double-occupancy room to myself for all five nights which was lovely. Show more Show less Ashley Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Edmonton SW – Windermere, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 101.15 per night 8.8 Fabulous 495 reviews The staffs are super friendly, we felt very welcome as we arrived the hotel. The room is clean and new. Our room is west facing, so we could enjoy the sunset. The location is super convenient, although it is in an industrial area, but there are restaurants and grocery stores close by. Glad about this choice, the best among previous stays in Edmonton. Show more Show less Carmen Canada Home2 Suites by Hilton West Edmonton Hotel in Northwest Edmonton, Edmonton From CAD 109.65 per night 8.5 Very good 741 reviews The location is convenient to get to West Edmonton mall or on the Yellowhead Highway and Anthony Henday. Daniel the front staff at checkin was friendly and attentive to guests The food choices were decent for à continental breakfast. However nothing was labelled and definitely not good for anyone with allergies. Show more Show less ashley Canada JW Marriott Edmonton ICE District Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 231 per night 9.2 Superb 397 reviews The hotel provides us a good room with all functional amenities. It is located in an area that is easily accessed and close to downtown which makes it easy to access anything in Edmonton. We enjoy this hotel. -All was excellent as expected Show more Show less mohannedjaradat Canada Hyatt Place Edmonton West Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 139 per night 8.3 Very good 1,653 reviews Breakfast was outstanding with lots of options to satisfy all 3 of my kids. Rooms were a good size with space for everyone to relax at the end of the day. Nice centralized location within a 5 minute drive to west edmonton mall. Show more Show less Stephanie Canada Comfort Inn Edmonton West Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 79.90 per night 7.3 Good 1,361 reviews Regularly use this hotel when working in Edmonton. Staff are super helpful and friendly. Rooms are clean and well appointed. Located at the west edge with easy access to the major routes. Show more Show less Glenn Kiddle Canada Candlewood Suites West Edmonton - Mall Area, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 116.10 per night 8.5 Very good 362 reviews kitchen suite was great and good sized room, comfortable beds, location to West Edmonton mall, easy to get to, underground parking at hotel was great Show more Show less Breann Canada Chateau Lacombe Hotel Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 139 per night 7.6 Good 1,305 reviews Location in centre of downtown, good river view, and 12pm late check out which is quite good compared to other hotels Show more Show less HANGYUL Canada West Edmonton Mall Inn Edmonton From CAD 129 per night 7.4 Good 1,402 reviews I liked the location as it was across the street from West Edmonton Mall. Easy to walk to the mall. Show more Show less Lori Ledyit Canada Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites-Edmonton South, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 119.99 per night 7.7 Good 1,597 reviews Spacious room, breakfast was awesome, close to airport, downtown and west Edmonton mall Show more Show less Erin Canada Fantasyland Hotel Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 198 per night 7.7 Good 999 reviews I liked that it was in West Edmonton Mall, and the check-in process was fast and easy. Show more Show less Jenna Canada Wingate by Wyndham - Edmonton West Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 122.40 per night 7.9 Good 530 reviews It was close to West Edmonton mall and most other sites we wanted to visit. Show more Show less Marjorie Canada Fairmont Hotel Macdonald Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 229 per night 8.2 Very good 368 reviews Beautiful old stately hotel! Located very central downtown Edmonton Show more Show less Wendy Canada Radisson Hotel & Conference Centre West Edmonton Hotel in Edmonton From CAD 71.40 per night 6.9 Review score 822 reviews Good location, not far from West Edmonton Mall Show more Show less Bitternose jr Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Canada Eager to explore more of Canada? Find hotels up and down the country! Hotels near West Edmonton Mall Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Car hire in Edmonton Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels in Calgary Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Banff Try another destination popular with our guests. Flights to Edmonton Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hotels near Edmonton International Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Hotels in Leduc Find more hotels in a city close to Leduc. Hotels in Sherwood Park Find more hotels in a city close to Sherwood Park. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Edmonton Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|6,1871440,1870380,1833870,1866460,1847760,1870380|3,1846890,1847760|3