The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Ras al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates - Ras al Khaimah hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Ras al Khaimah Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Ras al Khaimah hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Arab Emirates Ras Al Khaimah Ras al Khaimah Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Ras al Khaimah – 88 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach Hotel in Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah Located on a private stretch of white sandy beach in Al Jazirah Al Hamra, The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach boasts 32 private villas facing the sea, all with their own pool. Show more 9.0 Superb 559 reviews Price fromCAD 948.55per night Check availability Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Located in the Al Nakheel area by the creek, Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah offers modern accommodations with free WiFi, a rooftop pool and a state-of-the-art fitness centre. Show more 8.1 Very good 4,421 reviews Price fromCAD 47.11per night Check availability KAY Homes Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Situated in Ras al Khaimah, 1.9 km from Al Jazeerah Beach, KAY Homes features accommodation with a terrace, free private parking, a restaurant and barbecue facilities. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 1,011 reviews Price fromCAD 140.48per night Check availability Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Located in Ras al Khaimah, 2.9 km from Al Manar Mall, Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah features a bar and views of the city. 8.2 Very good 2,495 reviews Price fromCAD 62.57per night Check availability Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Set in Ras al Khaimah, 80 metres from Santorini Beach, Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a... Show more 8.0 Very good 4,168 reviews Price fromCAD 149.07per night Check availability M14 Hotel Apartment Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Set in Ras al Khaimah, within 2 km of Ras Al Khaimah Beach and 4.6 km of Al Manar Mall, M14 Hotel Apartment offers accommodation with a restaurant and free WiFi as well as free private parking for... Show more 8.8 Fabulous 150 reviews Price fromCAD 53.34per night Check availability Marjan Island Resort & Spa Managed By Accor Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Marjan Island Resort & Spa is situated on the first man-made island in Ras Al Khaimah, inside the clear waters of the Arabian Gulf. Show more 7.4 Good 6,530 reviews Price fromCAD 172.08per night Check availability Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah is located in the Al Nakheel area by the creek, just steps from the Free Trade Zone and RAK Exhibition Centre. Show more 7.6 Good 5,652 reviews Price fromCAD 74.15per night Check availability DoubleTree by Hilton Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Overlooking the Ras al Khaimah Creek, this luxurious 4-star hotel features a rooftop pool with a lounge and 24/7 Fitness by Precor. It offers elegant rooms and suites and a free private parking. Show more 7.4 Good 2,777 reviews Price fromCAD 64.14per night Check availability Ras Al Khaimah Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Featuring panoramic views of the corniche and the surrounding mountains, Ras Al Khaimah Hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with satellite TV. Facilities include a large pool. 7.8 Good 2,125 reviews Price fromCAD 82.82per night Check availability See all 42 hotels in Ras al Khaimah Most booked hotels in Ras al Khaimah in the past month See all Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 8.1 Very good · 4,421 reviews Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 8.2 Very good · 2,495 reviews Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 8.0 Very good · 4,167 reviews Marjan Island Resort & Spa Managed By Accor Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 7.4 Good · 6,529 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 7.6 Good · 5,652 reviews Royal View Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 7.5 Good · 2,020 reviews Ras Al Khaimah Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 7.8 Good · 2,127 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 7.4 Good · 2,777 reviews M14 Hotel Apartment Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 8.8 Fabulous · 150 reviews Al Hamra Village Hotel Hotel in Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras al Khaimah 6.8 Pleasant · 647 reviews Ras al Khaimah's best hotels with breakfast See all Mangrove Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Facing the creek of Ras Al Khaimah, the Mangrove Hotel offers elegantly decorated rooms and suites. Friendly staff,good location,breakfast spread excellent. Avg. price/night: CAD 118.25 7.5 Good · 1,156 reviews BM Beach Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Located on a private sandy beach in Ras Al Khaimah, The BM Beach Hotel brings together a timeless feel, modern amenities, and peerless service. Kids Friendly Beach & Swimming Pool/Family Friendly Avg. price/night: CAD 199.41 6.5 Pleasant · 2,475 reviews Al Nakheel Hotel Apartments Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Al Nakheel Hotel Apartments is located in Ras al Khaimah, 20-minutes away from Al Hamra Mall. 12 km from Iceland Water Park, the property is also 1.7 km from Al Manar Mall . Sorry dint get a chance to try it may be next time Avg. price/night: CAD 83.15 7.4 Good · 895 reviews I Like Al Hamra Palace - Elite Beach & Golf Resort Private Suites Hotel in Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Set in Ras al Khaimah, I Like Al Hamra Palace - Elite Beach & Golf Resort Private Suites offers beachfront accommodation 80 metres from Al Hamra Beach and offers various facilities, such as an outdoor... 9.7 Exceptional · 3 reviews Budget hotels in Ras al Khaimah See all DoubleTree by Hilton Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Overlooking the Ras al Khaimah Creek, this luxurious 4-star hotel features a rooftop pool with a lounge and 24/7 Fitness by Precor. It offers elegant rooms and suites and a free private parking. The staff were simply amazing! We loved the rooftop bar and the sunset. Avg. price/night: CAD 84.56 7.4 Good · 2,777 reviews Grand PJ Hotel - Free Parking Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Situated in Ras al Khaimah, Grand Hotel PJ offers air-conditioned rooms with a private balcony, less than 5 km from Tower Links Golf Club. Facilities include a beauty shop and a nightclub. The location is excellent for shopping and walking Avg. price/night: CAD 82.65 5.8 Above average · 1,390 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah is located in the Al Nakheel area by the creek, just steps from the Free Trade Zone and RAK Exhibition Centre. Cleanliness, family environment , breakfast amazing. Avg. price/night: CAD 96.36 7.6 Good · 5,652 reviews Ras Al Khaimah Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Featuring panoramic views of the corniche and the surrounding mountains, Ras Al Khaimah Hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with satellite TV. Facilities include a large pool. Staff are very respectful Staff behavior and morals Avg. price/night: CAD 98.28 7.8 Good · 2,127 reviews Al Hamra Village Hotel Hotel in Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Al Hamra Village Hotel has an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a terrace and restaurant in Ras al Khaimah. Featuring a bar, the 4-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Location is nice They care to change towels always Avg. price/night: CAD 103.72 6.8 Pleasant · 647 reviews Aurak Guest House Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Set in Ras al Khaimah, within 4.2 km of Al Manar Mall and 6.3 km of Tower Links Golf Club, Aurak Guest House offers accommodation with a shared lounge and free WiFi throughout the property as well as... Our rooms were nice and clean, everything was clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 92.02 7.1 Good · 152 reviews Al Maha Residence Rak Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Featuring free WiFi, One to One Al Maha Suites is located in Ras al Khaimah. A 50-minute drive from Sharjah International Airport. المكان هادي ومريح في كوفي المها مريح والعمالة محترمة Avg. price/night: CAD 71.65 6.7 Pleasant · 391 reviews Great Wall Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Situated in Ras al Khaimah, 4.3 km from Al Manar Mall, Great Wall Hotel features accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking and a terrace. المكان جميل الاستقبال محترمين .. وبالاخص الاخ رضوان Avg. price/night: CAD 88.90 7.4 Good · 218 reviews FAQs about hotels in Ras al Khaimah How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Ras al Khaimah? On average, 3-star hotels in Ras al Khaimah cost CAD 64 per night, and 4-star hotels in Ras al Khaimah are CAD 157 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Ras al Khaimah can on average be found for CAD 469 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Ras al Khaimah for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Ras al Khaimah this weekend is CAD 76 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 181. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Ras al Khaimah for this weekend cost on average around CAD 756 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Ras al Khaimah for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 65 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Ras al Khaimah for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 171 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Ras al Khaimah will cost around CAD 518 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Ras al Khaimah are good for families? Many families visiting Ras al Khaimah loved staying at The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach, KAY Homes and Bear Grylls Explorers Camp. What are the best hotels in Ras al Khaimah near Al Hamra Mall? Some of the best hotels in Ras al Khaimah near Al Hamra Mall include قرية الحمرا راس الخيمة, Waldorf Astoria Ras Al Khaimah and The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach. What are the best hotels to stay in Ras al Khaimah? The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach, KAY Homes and Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah are some of the popular hotels in Ras al Khaimah. What hotels in Ras al Khaimah offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Ras al Khaimah that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach, KAY Homes and Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah. What hotels in Ras al Khaimah are good for couples? These hotels in Ras al Khaimah are highly rated by couples: KAY Homes, M14 Hotel Apartment and The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach. What hotels in Ras al Khaimah have nice views? The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach, Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island and Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah have received great reviews from travellers in Ras al Khaimah regarding the views from their hotel rooms. An Emirate Aiming for the Stars Much like its fellow emirates, Ras al Khaimah views the future as a world of opportunity, most evident in the capital city of the same name (also called Ra’s al Khaymah or RAK). Although its skyline is not yet as dramatic as Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah, RAK still has plenty of skyscrapers, many housing hotels and apartments on Booking.com. Some overlook its long, sandy beach, alongside luxury resorts. Watersports activities include diving, and to the south-west is Ice Land waterpark. Desert safaris are a great way to explore the rugged terrain behind the city, site of Al Sawan camel racetrack and Ras al Khaimah Airport. One of the world’s first spaceports is also planned to be out here. Saqr Park on the capital’s outskirts is the largest UAE park, and the Tower Links Golf Club is another green spot by a lagoon joined to the sea via Ras al Khaimah Creek. The nearby beachfront Corniche is a popular picnic spot, with landscaped gardens and lots of boutiques and cafés. More shops are in Manar Mall and the ‘Little India’ district of Al Nakheel. The old city has a bustling souk and the National Museum of Ras al Khaimah, housed in Al Hisn Fort. Another important sight is majestic Sheikh Zayed Mosque with its 4 graceful minarets. Learn more about visiting Ras al Khaimah 992 attractions 4 points of interest 1 neighbourhood Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Ras al Khaimah: 10 We would suggest every one if they want to feel the world... We would suggest every one if they want to feel the world claas experience then do visit Movenpick Al Marjan it is so beautifull and the entire staff is so helpfull and ready to help you and room.service is so good and effecient. Receptionist are so professionals even it was little delay but the manager Tariq offered us a complimentary dinner it was really amazing staying here. HSK DXB United Arab Emirates 8.0 Great location to have fun and enjoy your stay, it has... Great location to have fun and enjoy your stay, it has everything a traveler requires during his long or short stay I could watch movies at different cinemas, enjoy the nice beach and have fun with beach activities Nice hotels around and great houses with private beach to stay in. Badreddine Algeria 2.0 The hotel's infrastructure felt old with rusty rooms. The hotel's infrastructure felt old with rusty rooms. We encountered issues with the plumbing; one room had muddy water flowing from the tap, requiring a long wait for clear water. The standard room amenities were lacking. Despite booking deluxe rooms, there was only one towel provided per room, necessitating calls to room service. Our request for an additional blanket during the night went unattended. The bathroom in our room had significant leakage, leading to a flooded floor. The checkout process was distressing. We were wrongly accused of missing towels and treated as if we had stolen them. Even after offering to have our baggage checked and confronting them, the issue persisted. To add to the unpleasant experience, there was a false accusation against one of our group members for using profanity in our local language. ansar United Arab Emirates 10 Although you do not hear of Ras Al Khaimah, I would visit... Although you do not hear of Ras Al Khaimah, I would visit again. Everyone was pleasant. Not everything you read on the internet is true. Rules weren't as stringent as you would read if you completed a google search. Johnson 10 Nice are with mountains and beach in same place. Nice are with mountains and beach in same place. Highest peak is Jabel Al Jais with sea view for sunset and opposite with breathtaking mountains. RAK is home to old cultural city with friendly people. Highly recommend for dry mountain lovers and trackers. Anjitha Senarath United Arab Emirates 2.0 Where to start, the 2 x bedroom room was horrific... it... Where to start, the 2 x bedroom room was horrific... it ruined what was supposed to be a celebration stay for my son finishing school, damaged furniture, stained lounges, blocked drains, modem that was hanging from the wall, poorly mounted crooked TV in the main lounge... This should not be Rixos Branded hotel. The only redeeming qualities reside outside of your room. Buffet, Restaurants & Pool Joe United Arab Emirates Explore guest reviews of hotels in Ras al Khaimah See all Jannah Hotel Apartments & Villas Ras al Khaimah From CAD 260.55 per night 7.5 Good · 1,509 reviews The hotel is located in a busy area of Mina al Arab. There are lots of cafés, restaurants nearby. Free parking is available outside the building and underground. Taxis are relatively easy to catch too. There is waterfront promenade on the other side of the hotel entrance as well. Rooms are decent in size and equipment and clean, beds are comfortable. There is a small kitchen. Bathroom amenities are present. annaabudhabi United Arab Emirates DoubleTree by Hilton Resort & Spa Marjan Island Ras al Khaimah From CAD 229.66 per night 7.6 Good · 5,582 reviews Air-conditioned was very bad in room, we checked in at 8.30 pm and not slept till 3.am in the morning finally they shifted to new room but our trip to ras al khaimah and choosing double tree was not good at all we paid for the comfort which we didn't get it and finally we left after breakfast.....management has to compensate it to us....pls look in to whole matter.thanks Kumar United Arab Emirates The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah From CAD 1,169.34 per night 9.0 Superb · 559 reviews Certainly a unique destination. Felt like we were on a tropical island. Comfortable villa, very private including a wonderful outdoor pool. Ideal for a special get away like honeymoon or an anniversary. The food was top notch. Honestly, best hotel food we've had in a long time. And the staff were amazing! Thank you all. Jacques South Africa Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah Ras al Khaimah From CAD 96.36 per night 7.6 Good · 5,652 reviews Despite this hotel is a bit old, it exceeds the expectations compared to new hotels in Ras AlKhaima, this hotel by far is one of the best by its services, room tidiness and comfort and parking lot availability, its also near to many hot spots. If you plan to visit RAK this hotel must be in your list, you wont regret it. A Anonymous United Arab Emirates DoubleTree by Hilton Resort & Spa Marjan Island Ras al Khaimah From CAD 229.66 per night 7.6 Good · 5,582 reviews This is our second staycay in this hotel and we had a great time at their spa specially the jacuzzi and the steam room, the staff were quite accomodating. Our room was spacious, it wasn't at the main hotel though but we had one of the best seaviews. Their welcome freshly baked choc cookie was always a nice treat. Annie United Arab Emirates Hampton By Hilton Marjan Island Ras al Khaimah From CAD 216.32 per night 8.0 Very good · 3,120 reviews we are really grateful to Yofitha, the reception supervisor. she accommodated an early check-in, upgraded us to huge room and then allowed a late check-out. it was perfect. also, Karma Kafe restaurant was excellent and the 20% discount for hotel guests was a bonus we will be choosing Hampton again next time julian United Arab Emirates Rixos Bab Al Bahr Ras al Khaimah From CAD 390.63 per night 7.6 Good · 5,309 reviews Facilities - Swimming Pool, Private Beach, Kids activities & Playing area Food - Superb and multiple varieties in Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner all inclusive is one of the best service the hotel provides a Rooms - Spacious with a huge balcony Taha Miyasaheb United Arab Emirates InterContinental Ras Al Khaimah Resort and Spa, an IHG Hotel Ras al Khaimah From CAD 339.68 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,054 reviews its was very good stay and enjoy the massage treatment very much, excellent Spa service, ypu should come to Spa InterContinetal Ras Al Khaimah, its very relaxing. Thank you to Jenny, Martin and Manika for your excellent service. Nora United Arab Emirates Rixos Bab Al Bahr Ras al Khaimah From CAD 390.63 per night 7.6 Good · 5,309 reviews The location is great and some of the staff is very friendly. I liked the variety of food in the restaurant. There is a lot of space at this facility and even though the hotel was fully booked, it did not feel that way. Tertius United Arab Emirates Mangrove Hotel Ras al Khaimah From CAD 118.25 per night 7.5 Good · 1,156 reviews The hotel is near the promenade, it has a beautiful view for mangrove forests. Very spacious room and bathroom, may be little bit old fashioned but really comfy, no problems with parking. Heplful personnel. ja_m Slovakia M14 Hotel Apartment Ras al Khaimah From CAD 70.05 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 150 reviews Very nice clean hotel, staff very helpful. Room and bathroom was well presented and clean. Plenty of car parking space in car park and off street. Would recommend to all, price was value for money. Mohammed A United Kingdom BM Beach Hotel Ras al Khaimah From CAD 199.41 per night 6.5 Pleasant · 2,475 reviews The front desk receptionist, Putu, was very nice and helpful. She assisted us with our reservation and even suggested us on many places that we can enjoy in Ras al khaimah A Anonymous Indonesia Ras Al Khaimah Hotel Ras al Khaimah From CAD 98.28 per night 7.8 Good · 2,127 reviews Staff is very helping. Especially front desk staff Ayman is very professional and supportive. I always prefer to stay in Ras Al Khaimah Hotel. Zeeshan United Arab Emirates DoubleTree by Hilton Ras Al Khaimah Ras al Khaimah From CAD 84.56 per night 7.4 Good · 2,777 reviews price is very affordable and locations is good for peoples who need to be closer to governmental offices of Ras Al Khaimah emirate. Elyas Uzbekistan Ras Al Khaimah Hotel Ras al Khaimah From CAD 98.28 per night 7.8 Good · 2,127 reviews Best hotel in Ras Al Khaimah Quiet and comfortable Good Staff Good reception Thanks to brother Sultan for everything Soukaina United Arab Emirates InterContinental Ras Al Khaimah Resort and Spa, an IHG Hotel Ras al Khaimah From CAD 339.68 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,054 reviews Hotel design, relaxing atmosphere, amazing beach and the sea, hotel staff very attentive and welcome. Gaukhar United Arab Emirates Al Hamra Village Hotel Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah From CAD 103.72 per night 6.8 Pleasant · 647 reviews Nice hotel and the open layout is nice. But its a shame that i couldn't open the window. Omar United Arab Emirates City Stay Beach Hotel Apartments - Marjan Island Ras al Khaimah From CAD 122.61 per night 7.7 Good · 2,349 reviews Best property in ras al khaimah spacially best reception darshan indian boy Yaqoob United Arab Emirates Marjan Island Resort & Spa Managed By Accor Ras al Khaimah From CAD 218.16 per night 7.4 Good · 6,529 reviews not as aspected for a 5 star hotel Saeed United Arab Emirates Al Hamra Residence Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah From CAD 239.32 per night 7.6 Good · 995 reviews nice hotel, great beach zulus128 Turkey Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Dubai International Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Hotels near Sharjah International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Ras Al Khaimah Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Car hire in Ras al Khaimah Hire a car and hit the road. Things to do in Ras al Khaimah How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels in Dubai Find more hotels in a city close to Dubai. Hotels in Sharjah Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Sharjah, not too far from Ras al Khaimah. Hotels in Al Hamra Village Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Visit Ras al Khaimah Everything you need to know about your destination. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Ras al Khaimah Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|5,1870380|3,1870380,1866460,1833870,1847760|3,1846890,1847760,1871440