The Best Mykonos Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Mykonos, Greece Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Mykonos, Greece Enter your dates and choose from 1,129 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Greece Mykonos Check out these popular cities on Mykonos Mýkonos City 608 hotels Ornos 167 hotels Platis Yialos Mykonos 54 hotels Tourlos 47 hotels Agios Ioannis Mykonos 83 hotels Paradise Beach 11 hotels Elia Beach 48 hotels Agios Stefanos 30 hotels Super Paradise Beach 26 hotels Glastros 13 hotels Kalo Livadi 30 hotels Klouvas 17 hotels Stay in Mykonos's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Hotel Madalena 3 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City Situated in Mýkonos City, 400 metres from Agia Anna Beach, Hotel Madalena features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a terrace and a bar. My wife and I were very well received. The staff was very attentive and helpful with us. The hotel's location is also very good, being only a few minutes from the city center. The view from the breakfast area is spectacular! Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,096 reviews Check availability Palladium Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Platis Yialos Mykonos Palladium Hotel is located at Platys Gyalos, a 5-minute walk from Psarou and Platys Gyalos Beaches, as well as just a breath away from the famous Nammos. Everything is amazing. From the room, the staffs, the food and the top notch service. Very very satisfied Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 1,407 reviews Check availability Poseidon Hotel Suites 4 stars Hotel in Mykonos City Centre, Mýkonos City Overlooking Mykonos Windmills, the Poseidon Hotel Suites is only 50 metres from Megali Ammos Beach. The 3-star hotel offers a freshwater pool, and bright rooms with air conditioning and fan. Breakfast buffet had lots of options. Show more Show less 9 Superb 2,263 reviews Check availability Ilio Maris 4 stars Hotel in Mykonos City Centre, Mýkonos City With magnificent views over the sea and the famous windmills of Mykonos Town, Ilio Maris boasts elegant guestrooms with Wi-Fi and 32’’ TV and quick access to the beaches by bus. Location , cleanliness , staff support , ambience , hotel colours and atmosphere , balcony view , pool Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,023 reviews Check availability Matina Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Mykonos City Centre, Mýkonos City Hotel Matina enjoys a privileged location, in one of the finest parts of the island, right in the heart of Mykonos Town, with access to all major points of interest. We had an absolutely fantastic experience at this hotel! The staff was incredibly helpful and kind, and the room was impeccably clean with effective soundproofing. The hotel's garden was so peaceful, and its location couldn't have been better, just a few steps away from all the main attractions. I highly recommend this place! Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,075 reviews Check availability Mykonos Bay Resort & Villas 4 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City Situated on Megali Ammos beach, the design hotel Mykonos Bay Resort & Villas is just 300m away from Mykonos town. It offers a pool with views of the sunset, the sea and the island’ trademark... fantastic experience - great service and very helpful Staff , beautiful location and close enough to town high quality Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 1,028 reviews Check availability Damianos Mykonos Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City This hospitable complex is situated in the scenic settlement of Drossopezoula, close to the Mykonos town centre. EVERYTHING WAS EXCELLENT. THE FOOD , THE CLEANLINESSS, THE STAFF,THE VIEW THE HOSPITALITY FROM THE OWNERS. MANY MANY THANKS Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 1,026 reviews Check availability Aeolos Resort 4 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City At a distance of 800 metres from Mykonos City Centre, Aeolos Hotel offers a large pool with hydromassage facilities and elegant accommodation with free WiFi. Everything was excellent since the first day we arrived, the staff was amazing, customer service on point, they were always making sure if we’re enjoying the stays, we didn’t want to leave. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 1,575 reviews Check availability Amazon Suites 5 stars Hotel in Agios Ioannis Mykonos Situated in Agios Ioannis Mykonos, 600 metres from Agios Ioannis Beach, Amazon Suites features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Amazon Suite was literally one of the best places i ever went to in my life, not only the place is great and fabulous but the customer service and support on another level which made the experience 100x better. Def recommend it for anyone whether for honeymoon or just for pleasure. The Hotel manager “Chronis” and the staff were super professional and supportive in all of our needs. Hit the guy up if you ever going there!! Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 474 reviews Check availability CUBIC Mykonos Seafront Design Suites Hotel in Ornos Located in Ornos, CUBIC Mykonos Seafront Design Suites offers beachfront accommodation 60 metres from Ornos and provides various facilities, such as an outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and a... We have been impressed with the quality of the suites and the Staff was really helpful, friendly and very fast!. Our room was clean, comfortable, modern and had a private pool with a beautiful view of the Aegean. Perfect romantic vacation!! We really enjoyed our stay.We will definitely come back..... Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 148 reviews Check availability See all 1,152 hotels on Mykonos Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Mykonos with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Aeolos Resort 4 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Damianos Mykonos Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Mykonos Bay Resort & Villas 4 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City 22 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Matina Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Mykonos City Centre, Mýkonos City 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Ilio Maris 4 stars Hotel in Mykonos City Centre, Mýkonos City 9 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Palladium Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Platis Yialos Mykonos 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Lithos by Spyros & Flora 4 stars Hotel in Agios Ioannis Mykonos 22 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 O Lofos Luxury Boutique Suites 4 stars Hotel in Agios Stefanos 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 Hotel Madalena 3 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 Amazon Suites 5 stars Hotel in Agios Ioannis Mykonos 23 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 See all Most booked hotels on Mykonos in the past month See all Harmony Boutique Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 9.1 Superb 523 reviews Semeli Hotel Mykonos 5 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 9.0 Superb 451 reviews Ilio Maris 4 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 9.0 Superb 1,023 reviews She Mykonos Boutique Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 9.0 Superb 650 reviews Olia Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Tourlos Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 8.6 Fabulous 555 reviews Paolas Τown Boutique Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 8.1 Very good 669 reviews Peristeronas Village 3 stars Hotel in Klouvas Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 8.6 Fabulous 389 reviews Lefteris Hotel in Mýkonos City Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 9.0 Superb 665 reviews Fabrica Sunset Apartments Hotel in Megali Ammos Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 7.3 Good 365 reviews Asty Mykonos Hotel & Spa 5 stars Hotel in Mýkonos City Popular with guests booking hotels on Mykonos 9.3 Superb 334 reviews Mykonos's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Madalena Hotel in Mýkonos City Breakfast options Situated in Mýkonos City, 400 metres from Agia Anna Beach, Hotel Madalena features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a terrace and a bar. My wife and I were very well received. The staff was very attentive and helpful with us. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,096 reviews Palladium Hotel Hotel in Platis Yialos Mykonos Breakfast options Palladium Hotel is located at Platys Gyalos, a 5-minute walk from Psarou and Platys Gyalos Beaches, as well as just a breath away from the famous Nammos. Everything is amazing. From the room, the staffs, the food and the top notch service. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 1,407 reviews Poseidon Hotel Suites Hotel in Mykonos City Centre, Mýkonos City Breakfast options Overlooking Mykonos Windmills, the Poseidon Hotel Suites is only 50 metres from Megali Ammos Beach. The 3-star hotel offers a freshwater pool, and bright rooms with air conditioning and fan. Breakfast buffet had lots of options. Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 2,263 reviews Ilio Maris Hotel in Mykonos City Centre, Mýkonos City Breakfast options With magnificent views over the sea and the famous windmills of Mykonos Town, Ilio Maris boasts elegant guestrooms with Wi-Fi and 32’’ TV and quick access to the beaches by bus. Location , cleanliness , staff support , ambience , hotel colours and atmosphere , balcony view... Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 1,023 reviews Matina Hotel Hotel in Mykonos City Centre, Mýkonos City Breakfast options Hotel Matina enjoys a privileged location, in one of the finest parts of the island, right in the heart of Mykonos Town, with access to all major points of interest. We had an absolutely fantastic experience at this hotel! Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,075 reviews Mykonos Bay Resort & Villas Hotel in Mýkonos City Breakfast options Situated on Megali Ammos beach, the design hotel Mykonos Bay Resort & Villas is just 300m away from Mykonos town. It offers a pool with views of the sunset, the sea and the island’ trademark... fantastic experience - great service and very helpful Staff , beautiful location and close enough... Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 1,028 reviews Damianos Mykonos Hotel Hotel in Mýkonos City Breakfast options This hospitable complex is situated in the scenic settlement of Drossopezoula, close to the Mykonos town centre. EVERYTHING WAS EXCELLENT. THE FOOD , THE CLEANLINESSS, THE STAFF,THE VIEW THE HOSPITALITY FROM THE... Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 1,026 reviews Aeolos Resort Hotel in Mýkonos City Breakfast options At a distance of 800 metres from Mykonos City Centre, Aeolos Hotel offers a large pool with hydromassage facilities and elegant accommodation with free WiFi. Everything was excellent since the first day we arrived, the staff was amazing, customer service on... Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 1,575 reviews Budget hotels on Mykonos See all Amazon Suites Hotel in Agios Ioannis Mykonos Budget Hotel Situated in Agios Ioannis Mykonos, 600 metres from Agios Ioannis Beach, Amazon Suites features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Amazon Suite was literally one of the best places i ever went to in my life, not only the place is... Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 474 reviews CUBIC Mykonos Seafront Design Suites Hotel in Ornos Budget Hotel Located in Ornos, CUBIC Mykonos Seafront Design Suites offers beachfront accommodation 60 metres from Ornos and provides various facilities, such as an outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and a... We have been impressed with the quality of the suites and the Staff was really helpful, friendly and... Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 148 reviews Ryous Mykonos Hotel in Mykonos City Centre, Mýkonos City Budget Hotel Well set in the Mykonos City Centre district of Mýkonos City, Ryous Mykonos is located 600 metres from Agios Charalabos Beach, 1 km from Megali Ammos Beach and 300 metres from Little Venice. Nice decor. Impeccable hosting with help to our room and a smooth check in and check out. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 138 reviews Ionic Suites Hotel in Super Paradise Beach Budget Hotel Situated in Super Paradise Beach, 700 metres from Super Paradise Beach, Ionic Suites features accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. The place is beautiful but the best is the staff. Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 310 reviews Anemela Villas & Suites Mykonos Hotel in Agrari Budget Hotel Located in Agrari, 2.8 km from Agrari Beach, Anemela Villas & Suites Mykonos provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking and a garden. Beautiful, modern, perfectly equipped Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 144 reviews Asty Mykonos Hotel & Spa Hotel in Mýkonos City Budget Hotel Located in Drafaki, 550 metres from Megali Ammos Beach, Asty Mykonos Hotel & Spa provides accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. We loved our stay at the Asty. Immediately we noticed the excellent service from the staff and the... Show more Show less From CAD 264 per night 9.3 Superb 334 reviews Mileo Hotel in Kalo Livadi Budget Hotel Set in Kalo Livadi, 300 metres from Kalo Livadi Beach, Mileo offers accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a shared lounge. De staff is amazing, so friendly and kind. My visitor was allowed to be here in de stay. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 224 reviews Lovia Mykonos Hotel in Mýkonos City Budget Hotel Situated in Mýkonos City, less than 1 km from Agia Anna Beach, Lovia Mykonos features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Love everything, our suite is beautiful, the beds r comfortable, pool is big, everyone is friendly... Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 143 reviews Hotels on Mykonos that you can book without a credit card See all White Rock Suites & Villas Hotel in Houlakia No credit card needed Located in Houlakia, 1.7 km from Agios Stefanos Beach, White Rock Suites & Villas provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking and a terrace. The view was absolutely fantastic, Xhantie a divine human being! Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 146 reviews Le Palme Mykonos Hotel in Klouvas No credit card needed Situated in Klouvas, 3 km from Ftelia Beach, Le Palme Mykonos features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Really friendly staff. They were super helpful and kind, fulfilled all our requests The whole place... Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 218 reviews Yi Hotel Mykonos Hotel in Elia Beach No credit card needed Situated in Elia Beach, 1.4 km from Elia Beach, Yi Hotel Mykonos features accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. The service and staff immaculate Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 163 reviews Collini Suites & Villas Mykonos Hotel in Fanari No credit card needed Located in Fanari, 2.1 km from Choulakas Beach, Collini Suites & Villas Mykonos provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. The services were of the highest standards. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 168 reviews Bianco a Nero Mykonos Hotel in Mýkonos City No credit card needed Situated in Mýkonos City, 2.4 km from Super Paradise Beach, Bianco a Nero Mykonos features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. The staff is very nice, Angelica and all the team are very friendly. You feel like at home. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 723 reviews Adama Mykonos Boutique Hotel Hotel in Mýkonos City No credit card needed Set in Mýkonos City, 2.6 km from Platis Gialos Beach, Adama Mykonos Boutique Hotel offers accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. The swimming pool, services, everyone was very kind and the localisation. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 514 reviews Panormos Bay Suites Hotel in Panormos Mykonos No credit card needed Located in Panormos Mykonos, 1.4 km from Panormos Beach, Panormos Bay Suites provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. perfect place to chill and enjoy everything was so good definitely will choose this place next time... Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 271 reviews Myconian O Hotel - Adults Only Hotel in Ornos No credit card needed Located in Ornos, 60 metres from Ornos, Myconian O Hotel - Adults Only provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. Everything.. room with a pool … amazing restaurant serving fresh food not pretentious .. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 156 reviews Mykonos highlights Little Venice The island’s romantic corner, picturesque Little Venice is the perfect spot for enjoying the sunset, with the sea right on your doorstep. Mykonos windmills Well-known symbols of Mykonos, these whitewashed windmills perched on a hill are the first thing you see when arriving to the island. Panagia Paraportiani The most photographed church of Mykonos, Panagia Paraportiani consists of five small churches built over a period of 200 years. Delos Island A religious and economic centre in antiquity and a must-see archaeological site, the uninhabited Delos Island is only accessible from Mykonos. Armenistis Lighthouse Standing on the edge of Cape Armenistis, the historic Armenistis Lighthouse enjoys panoramic views of the Aegean Sea and Tinos Island. Super Paradise Beach Surrounded by coves, Super Paradise Beach is the island’s ideal spot for all-day partying next to the crystal-clear waters of the Aegean. Psarou Featuring crystal-clear waters and a popular seaside restaurant, the sandy and well-organized Psarou Beach is the celebrities’ favourite spot. Elia Beach Elisa Beach is the longest sandy beach on Mykonos Island and the perfect spot for practising an array of water sports. Matogianni Street Home to designer boutiques, legendary bars and art galleries, Matogianni Street is the ultimate place for fun and shopping. Mykonos Town The scenic Mykonos Town with its cobbled alleyways, renowned restaurants and eventful nightlife is the island’s most popular destination. FAQs about hotels on Mykonos What are the best hotels on Mykonos near Little Venice? Some of the best hotels on Mykonos near Little Venice include Fabrikas, Melangel and The TownHouse Mykonos. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel on Mykonos? On average, 3-star hotels on Mykonos cost CAD 191 per night, and 4-star hotels on Mykonos are CAD 305 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel on Mykonos can on average be found for CAD 557 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best cities to stay on Mykonos? Mýkonos City, Klouvas and Tourlos are popular with other travellers visiting Mykonos. What are the best hotels to stay on Mykonos? Palladium Hotel, Damianos Mykonos Hotel and Aeolos Resort are some of the popular hotels on Mykonos. In addition to these hotels, Mykonos Bay Resort & Villas, Hotel Madalena and Matina Hotel are also popular on Mykonos. What hotels on Mykonos have nice views? Mykonos Riviera Hotel & Spa, a member of Small Luxury Hotels of the World, O Lofos Luxury Boutique Suites and Lovia Mykonos have received great reviews from travellers on Mykonos regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying on Mykonos also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Mileo, Aether Boutique Stay and CUBIC Mykonos Seafront Design Suites. What are the best hotels on Mykonos near Mykonos Airport? Travellers who stayed on Mykonos near Mykonos Airport (JMK) have said good things about Adama Mykonos Boutique Hotel, Hotel Milena and Livin Mykonos Hotel. Among the hotels near Mykonos Airport on Mykonos, Vrachos Suites Mykonos, Andronikos Hotel and Ostraco Suites have also been highly rated. Which hotels on Mykonos are good for families? Many families visiting Mykonos loved staying at Ionic Suites, Anemela Villas & Suites Mykonos and O Lofos Luxury Boutique Suites. Similarly, Mykonos Bliss - Cozy Suites, Adults Only Hotel, CUBIC Mykonos Seafront Design Suites and Lithos by Spyros & Flora are also popular among family travellers. What hotels on Mykonos are good for couples? Couples travelling on Mykonos loved staying at Lithos by Spyros & Flora, O Lofos Luxury Boutique Suites and Amazon Suites. Similarly, these hotels on Mykonos are highly rated by couples: Ionic Suites, Mykonos Soul Luxury Suites and Amyth of Mykonos Hotel. What are some popular places to stay on Mykonos? Popular places to stay on Mykonos include hotels near Little Venice, Mykonos Windmills and Scorpios Mykonos. What hotels on Mykonos offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels on Mykonos that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Asty Mykonos Hotel & Spa, O Lofos Luxury Boutique Suites and Mykonos Grand Hotel & Resort. Breakfast at these hotels on Mykonos are also highly rated: CUBIC Mykonos Seafront Design Suites, Andronikos Hotel and Aether Boutique Stay. How many hotels on Mykonos are listed on Booking.com? There are 1,453 hotels on Mykonos you can book on Booking.com. The Exclusive Party Island The ‘Island of Wind’, Mykonos is best known for its 16th-century windmills, good watersports and outrageous nightlife. The capital is liberal Mykonos Town (or Chora), where windmills overlook beautiful Little Venice with whitewashed houses right on the water. Keep an eye out for Petros the Pelican – the island’s mascot - by the beach. The sunsets here are fantastic, but it’s after dark that the bars and clubs (including famous Cavo Paradiso) on its cobbled streets kick into life. This is the de facto Greek party island, but unlike less exclusive counterparts Malia and Faliraki, you might struggle to find cheap Mykonos hotels here. A complete contrast is laidback Kalafati, popular with windsurfers. Good for surfing is Ornos, while next door Aghios Ioannis was the setting for the ‘Shirley Valentine’ film. Its sandy beach offers views of uninhabited Delos island whose archaeological sites are UNESCO World Heritage listed. Elia has the longest beach, while around the coast is Platis Gialos, a popular resort with a good number of Mykonos hotels on the beach on Booking.com. Glass-bottomed boats departing from here give great views of local sealife. Cruise ships dock at Tourlos and the turquoise waters of neighbouring Aghios Stefanos are sheltered by low hills. Inland, peaceful Ano Mera provides a taste of more traditional Mykonos life. Explore guest reviews of hotels on Mykonos See all Fabrica Sunset Apartments Hotel in Megali Ammos From CAD 59 per night 7.3 Good 365 reviews The Hotel is perfectly settled nearby the Bus and Taxistation and same time at the entrance of Mykonos Town. So from there you get all the busses to the beaches, the airport and port and you can discover the center of Mykonos Town. From outside it looks like a simple place. But inside the rooms are brandnew renovated and spotless clean. There is enough water pressure in the shower which is sometimes not easy to find in Greece. There is a huge and modern fridge in the room. Compared to the good price it was the right decision to chose the Hotel. Show more Show less Tilo Germany Aeolos Resort Hotel in Mýkonos City 9.6 Exceptional 1,575 reviews Wow, this hotel exceeded all our expectations. Great Hotel with hands on owner and friendly highly efficient staff. They offered free transfers from the Port to hotel and from hotel to the Airport. They also provided us with full rundown of the Island and the town. We only stayed one night as we were catching a flight out of Mykonos. We generally prefer the smaller less busy Islands, but next time we travel through Mykonos, we will definitely stay an extra night or 2, mainly due to our experience at this hotel. Highly recommended!! Show more Show less Michael South Africa Harmony Boutique Hotel Hotel in Mýkonos City 9.1 Superb 523 reviews Harmony Boutique Hotel was a wonderful hotel within walking distance to Little Venice and in the old port are, very central. Hotel Staff, Angelis, Katerina and Nikos were very accommodating and helpful.. we had a great room with views and loved the decor of the hotel. We used the pool and bar area and had a great reprieve from the heat. Plenty of restaurants and bars all in walking distance and great bakery too. Breakfast wasplentifuland lots of options. Thank u for a great stay...wonderful memories of Mykonos Show more Show less Anna Australia Sunset Hill Suites Mýkonos City 9.8 Exceptional 49 reviews The Staff of the Hotel were very good and in particular the Receptionist and the Bar lady were very Professional and done there job to a very good standard i was very impressed. This made our stay very special. The Room was perfect very nice and the hot tub was good in the evenings and the swimming pool and views of Mykonos and the Sunsets and the surroundings were awesome the Best!! Very special hotel its a hidden Gem to be honest newly refurbed and has a touch of class about it 10/10. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom Porto Mykonos Hotel in Mýkonos City 8.8 Fabulous 567 reviews Hotel staffs are friendly; helpful and highly professional. Hotel is located within a short walking distance to the old town. Lots of restaurants and places to shop. Breakfast was good. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. We were also upgraded to a honeymoon suite at no extra charge; such a sweet gesture. We were here to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. Have stayed at many hotels around the world; this is one we will definitely come back to. Thank you Porto Mykonos team Show more Show less Deiva Malaysia Matina Hotel Hotel in Mýkonos City 9.1 Superb 1,075 reviews A very charming hotel in the city center of Mykonos. Best location ever, 5min walk from Little Venice, the old port and all Mykonos shopping streets. Easy to reach by taxi (stop by Belvedere Hotel and walk down to the hotel via a tiny street. We stay in a double room in the garden, very quiet, with lot trees and birds. The Service was perfect, all the staff makes you confortable and share with you Mykonos best tips. Stay at Matina is a must. We will come back. Thank you. Show more Show less moshimoshiexperience Switzerland She Mykonos Boutique Hotel Hotel in Mýkonos City From CAD 290 per night 9.0 Superb 650 reviews She Mykonos Boutique Hotel has been designed to a high standard, and everything has been very well thought through. It really is stunning. The breakfast is excellent and we thought it was great that you could have 3 dishes between 2 people if you wanted to. The location is fantastic, although very hilly it's a 4 minute walk to the shops, bars, restaurants etc. The staff are super lovely and attentive and really look after you. Highly recommend this hotel. Show more Show less Alicia United Kingdom Hotel Tagoo Hotel in Mýkonos City 9.1 Superb 498 reviews What an excellent hotel! The property and views are absolutely jaw-dropping. The staff are so friendly, attentive, and helpful. Without being in your space, they provide a truly excellent hotel experience. Drinks and food are tasty and priced well for Mykonos, and the breakfast is incredible. My wife and I traveled to Greece for our honeymoon, and our time at Hotel Tagoo will undoubtedly be the highlight. Thank you guys! Show more Show less David United States The George Hotel Mykonos Hotel in Platis Yialos Mykonos 9.1 Superb 457 reviews The George Hotel in Mykonos was incredible and surpassed expectations. The daily breakfast was delicious and had a wide range of options. The pool was beautiful, with a great view. The staff was extremely friendly and helped us book transportation around the island. Our balcony was also great. I would definitely stay here again. Next time, I would rent a car or scooter because the nearby bus only goes to the main town. Show more Show less Madeleine United States Lithos by Spyros & Flora Hotel in Agios Ioannis Mykonos 9.8 Exceptional 384 reviews Far exceeded our expectation! Owners (husband and wife) were superb! Went out of their ways to help us. Gave us lots of truely good info/recommendations based on our interests, not theirs. Never pushy! Hotel is quite modern. Fully furnished. Easy to get to and from Mykonos Town Center by public bus. I'd rate my stay way more than 10 if there's such a scale! Show more Show less PeeGeeInc United States Panormos Village Hotel in Panormos Mykonos 8.9 Fabulous 402 reviews Panormos Village Hotel was the best place we stayed at in Greece. The rooms aren't the grandest but the staff goes above and beyond. The food was better at this hotel then any restaurant we went to in Mykonos. The pool and lounge chairs are extra comfy and the semi private beach was the most beautiful!! We highly recommend. We wish we had more time here!! Show more Show less Sonja United States Hotel Milena Hotel in Mýkonos City 9.4 Superb 610 reviews Hotel Milena was what I was looking for.. a convenient, clean and well run place to spend an evening close to Mykonos airport. The manager was very pleasant over morning coffee, and did me a big favor with my luggage. Rooms are basic, but have everything you need. The hotel is right next to a bus stop to take you to the best beaches quickly and easily Show more Show less Alun United Kingdom Petinos Beach Hotel Hotel in Platis Yialos Mykonos 9.0 Superb 459 reviews Petinos Beach Hotel was excellent. It was the second time we have stayed at one of the Petinos properties and it exceeded our expectations. From the moment we arrived Anastasia was helpful and and always there to help and guide us. Gregory was always with a smile. Anastasia gave us the best recommendations on Mykonos and we thank her so much! Show more Show less Anonymous United States Amazon Suites Hotel in Agios Ioannis Mykonos 9.8 Exceptional 474 reviews The Amazon Hotel is one of the best hotels in Mykonos, which is distinguished by the quality and cleanliness of the good treatment that exists in this beautiful hotel. I advise everyone who visits this town to come to this hotel, which is distinguished from all hotels.I give this hotel more than 10/10 in all respects Show more Show less ali Israel Vencia Boutique Hotel Hotel in Mýkonos City 9.3 Superb 805 reviews Excellent hotel facilities, amazing pool and an excellent breakfast. Hotel also provided a port/airport transfer free of charge. Located a short walk away from Mykonos town center you can easily get there and not have to worry about traffic. It also helps that excursions can pick you up right in front of the hotel. Show more Show less Bruno Brazil 23 Hotel Mykonos Hotel in Mýkonos City 8.5 Very good 261 reviews Great location , Hotel 23 is situated amongst lots of shops , restaurants and boutiques with the Old Port nearby. Sunsets in Mykonos are spectacular. We had the junior suite with a balcony. It was a really nice room. Cleaned every day with fresh new towels Air Conditioning , WiFi...etc. Will stay again. Show more Show less Tristan United Kingdom Alana Mykonos Mýkonos City 8.9 Fabulous 218 reviews We had a fantastic experience at Alana Hotel in Mykonos! The staff were incredibly welcoming, the rooms were beautifully appointed, and the location was perfect. The stunning views and impeccable service made our stay truly memorable. We can't wait to return to this delightful hotel! Show more Show less Betina Romania Saint John Hotel Villas & Spa Agios Ioannis Mykonos 8.8 Fabulous 1,104 reviews The room was very clean, staff were amazing, breakfast was wonderful. Free shuttle to the Mykonos centre was very convenient for shopping and more dinner options. Hotel’s restaurant definitely worths being tried. Sunbeds are very comfortable. The beach facilities can be improved. Show more Show less Ahmet Emre Saudi Arabia Hotel Alkyon Hotel in Mýkonos City 9.0 Superb 938 reviews This hotel is in a fantastic location, just a short walk to Mykonos town. The rooms were spacious with great views of the town and sea. The staff were extremely friendly and very helpful with recommendations and arranging transfers. Would highly recommend Hotel Alkyon. Show more Show less Kerrie Australia Mykonos Ammos Hotel - Small Luxury Hotels of the World Hotel in Ornos 9.4 Superb 843 reviews Very lucky to get a room upgrade to a room which opens up directly on to the beach. Staff were very attentive and friendly! Room was immaculate and cosy! Room service was twice a day! Hotel also close to shops and restaurants and only 30 mins walk to Mykonos old town. Show more Show less Fiona United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Greece If you're planning a longer trip, look beyond Mykonos and set off to explore the whole country! Hotels near Mykonos Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Flights to Mykonos Reaching Mykonos just got easier! Hotels in Mýkonos City A popular choice with guests visiting Mykonos. Hotels in Agios Ioannis Mykonos A popular choice with guests visiting Mykonos. Hotels in Greek Islands Take a look at properties in a destination nearby. Hotels in Cyclades Thinking about a longer trip? Looking for ideas for other destinations? Take a look at nearby Cyclades and continue your search! Hotels on Santorini Discover another popular destination within Greece. Hotels on Corfu Discover another popular destination within Greece. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440