The 10 best holiday rentals in New York, USA | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Holiday Rentals in New York For travellers looking to stay somewhere unique; your home-from-home accommodation awaits. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home All holiday rentals United States New York State New York The 10 Best Holiday Rentals in New York, USA Check out our pick of great short term rentals in New York Show hotels on map Filter by: Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Hotel Scherman 4 stars Manhattan, New York Hotel Scherman is a boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan. All rooms feature pillow-top mattresses and guests will have access to daily newspapers and housekeeping services A continental breakfast is served every morning at this Manhattan property. Concierge services are available on site. Naoko Japan The room was so clean and very comfortable. I could spend great time here at this hotel. All of the staffs were kind. It was better than I expected. I’ll be sure to choose this hotel when I go to New York next time. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 2,025 reviews Price from CAD 377 per night Check availability Manhattan Guest Suites 3 stars Manhattan, New York Located in New York, 1.8 km from Columbia University and 3.6 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art, Manhattan Guest Suites provides accommodation with free WiFi in a historic building. There is a private entrance at the guest house for the convenience of those who stay. The guest house features family rooms. Hadasa Lev Israel Fabulous experience in this very special and well preserved house. Peter was a very nice and considerate host. The room was perfect, clean, spacious and comfortable. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 200 reviews Price from CAD 444 per night Check availability Mint House at 70 Pine 4 stars Manhattan, New York Mint House at 70 Pine offers accommodation in a historic landmark building in New York, 700 metres from Battery Park. Free WiFi access is offered. Every apartment at this hotel offers a fully equipped kitchen and a flat-screen cable TV. Every residence also comes with a private bathroom with toiletries. anthony Ghana Rooms are bigger than normal in NYC Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 575 reviews Price from CAD 331 per night Check availability Luxury 4 Bedroom Apartment Near Radio City Muscial, New York City - 1 Manhattan, New York In a central area of New York, located within a short distance of New York Public Library and Radio City Music Hall, Luxury 4 Bedroom Apartment Near Radio City Muscial, New York City - 1 offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities such as a toaster and coffee machine. This sustainable apartment is located 500 metres from Bryant Park and 700 metres from Chrysler Building. The property is allergy-free and is set 500 metres from Grand Central Station. Josue United States This property is in a spectacular location with an amazing view of the city. Once I arrived and entered the apartment I was left astounded with the size and quality of the apartment. My wife had no clue what I had book and once we stepped foot in the apartment she was in shock of how beautiful it was especially for New York City. Communication was available 24/7. I personally would say this was the best stay in the city thus far after traveling frequently and staying at other properties. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 5 reviews Price from CAD 2,433 per night Check availability Beautiful private rooms in a shared apartment upper west side Washington Heights, New York Beautiful private rooms in a shared apartment upper west side features air-conditioned guest accommodation in New York, 2.8 km from Yankee Stadium, 4.6 km from Columbia University and 7.6 km from Bronx Zoo. It is located 8 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art and provides a shared kitchen. Lincoln Center is 10 km away and Central Park is 10 km from the homestay. Robert Germany Close to the subway line, clean. Very good contact with the host Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 5 reviews Check availability Fully Furnished Entire Floor Apartment in Historic Harlem Manhattan, New York Set in New York, 1 km from Columbia University and 4.1 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fully Furnished Entire Floor Apartment in Historic Harlem offers free WiFi and air conditioning. The property has inner courtyard views and is 5.9 km from Central Park and 7.7 km from Strawberry Fields. The property is non-smoking and is situated 4.3 km from Yankee Stadium. Erik Belgium Everything was perfect. Superb appartement to stay a week in New York. Very cosy, very spacious, everything we needed. Show more Show less 9 Superb 66 reviews Check availability Fabulous Fully Furnished Studio Minutes From Times Square! Manhattan, New York Located in New York, 1 km from Columbia University and 4.1 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fabulous Fully Furnished Studio Minutes From Times Square! offers free WiFi and air conditioning. The property features city and inner courtyard views, and is 5.9 km from Central Park. The property is non-smoking and is set 4.3 km from Yankee Stadium. Paul Crump Australia Mary is an excellent host. The property is close to the 125th St subway, local supermarket and cafe's. The A train is an express to Columbus Circle. So nice not to be in a tiny hotel room. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 14 reviews Check availability Spacious Fully Furnished Harlem Apartment Near Morningside Park Manhattan, New York Located in New York, 1 km from Columbia University and 4.1 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art, Spacious Fully Furnished Harlem Apartment Near Morningside Park offers free WiFi and air conditioning. The property features inner courtyard views and is 5.9 km from Central Park and 7.7 km from Strawberry Fields. The property is non-smoking and is situated 4.3 km from Yankee Stadium. 4everemy Lithuania Very beautiful and nicely decorated apartment. I appreciated that it was fully equipped, so I could cook. You can find everything you need there! The hosts were very friendly and helpful. The appartment indeed looks like the pictures on Booking.com. I really recommend this place for short or longer stays. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 72 reviews Price from CAD 105 per night Check availability Placemakr Wall Street 4 stars Manhattan, New York Boasting a fitness centre and views of city, Placemakr Wall Street is a sustainable aparthotel situated in New York, 1 km from National September 11 Memorial & Museum. This 4-star aparthotel offers a lift and a shared kitchen. The aparthotel features a sun terrace, a 24-hour front desk, and free WiFi is available throughout the property. Evelyn Szu-Chi Taiwan Spacious apartment with almost all facilities we need - small but well-equipped kitchen, big fridge, laundry room, etc. About 10 mins walking distance to many subway lines and Whole food market. Staff super friendly and helpful. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 1,887 reviews Price from CAD 241 per night Check availability Sonder Battery Park Manhattan, New York In the Wall Street - Financial District district of New York, close to National September 11 Memorial & Museum, Sonder Battery Park has free WiFi and a washing machine. It is situated less than 1 km from One World Trade Center and features a lift. NYU - New York University is 3.7 km from the aparthotel and The High Line is 4.9 km away. Eunice Hong Kong location is perfect, check in is smooth, everything was clean! Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 1,612 reviews Price from CAD 300 per night Check availability All holiday rentals in New York Most booked holiday rentals in New York this month See all Radio City Apartments Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 8.5 Very good · 5270 holiday rental reviews Hotel Scherman Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 9.1 Superb · 2025 holiday rental reviews Placemakr Wall Street Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 8.8 Fabulous · 1887 holiday rental reviews Sonder Battery Park Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 8.7 Fabulous · 1610 holiday rental reviews Sanctuary NYC Retreats Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 8.9 Fabulous · 866 holiday rental reviews The Beekman Tower, Trademark Collection by Wyndham Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 8.1 Very good · 999 holiday rental reviews Sonder at One Platt Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 7.8 Good · 1089 holiday rental reviews Mint House at 70 Pine Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 9.2 Superb · 575 holiday rental reviews Host My Stay Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 5.6 Above average · 14 holiday rental reviews Colonial House Inn Holiday Rental in New York Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in New York 8.3 Very good · 85 holiday rental reviews Enjoy breakfast at holiday rentals in New York! See all Luxury 4 Bedroom Apartment Near Radio City Muscial, New York City - 1 Midtown East, New York Breakfast options In a central area of New York, located within a short distance of New York Public Library and Radio City Music Hall, Luxury 4 Bedroom Apartment Near Radio City Muscial, New York City - 1 offers free... 9.4 Superb · 5 reviews Hotel Scherman Hell's Kitchen, New York Breakfast options Hotel Scherman is a boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan. All rooms feature pillow-top mattresses and guests will have access to daily newspapers and housekeeping services A continental breakfast is... Great location . Lovely spacious rooms , very helpful staff 9.1 Superb · 2,025 reviews Manhattan Guest Suites Harlem, New York Breakfast options Located in New York, 1.8 km from Columbia University and 3.6 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art, Manhattan Guest Suites provides accommodation with free WiFi in a historic building. Such a beautiful house, very special place to stay 9.5 Exceptional · 200 reviews Beautiful private rooms in a shared apartment upper west side Washington Heights, New York Breakfast options Beautiful private rooms in a shared apartment upper west side features air-conditioned guest accommodation in New York, 2.8 km from Yankee Stadium, 4.6 km from Columbia University and 7.6 km from... 9.2 Superb · 5 reviews Fully Furnished Entire Floor Apartment in Historic Harlem Harlem, New York Breakfast options Set in New York, 1 km from Columbia University and 4.1 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fully Furnished Entire Floor Apartment in Historic Harlem offers free WiFi and air conditioning. Everything was EXCELLENT. Location, distance, apartment.... 9.0 Superb · 66 reviews Fabulous Fully Furnished Studio Minutes From Times Square! Harlem, New York Breakfast options Located in New York, 1 km from Columbia University and 4.1 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fabulous Fully Furnished Studio Minutes From Times Square! offers free WiFi and air conditioning. コーヒー、紅茶、タオル、シャンプー などなど、必要な物が置いてあり、 凄く便利でした。 キッチンも使いやすかったです。 9.3 Superb · 14 reviews Spacious Fully Furnished Harlem Apartment Near Morningside Park Harlem, New York Breakfast options Located in New York, 1 km from Columbia University and 4.1 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art, Spacious Fully Furnished Harlem Apartment Near Morningside Park offers free WiFi and air conditioning. Muito espaçoso e completo com cozinha completamente equipada. 9.1 Superb · 72 reviews Harlem Grand Harlem, New York Breakfast options 1 km from Columbia University, Harlem Grand is a sustainable property set in New York and offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and parking on-site. Location excellent. Room super clean. Very comfortable. 8.6 Fabulous · 151 reviews These holiday rentals in New York have options with FREE cancellation See all Mint House at 70 Pine Wall Street - Financial District, New York Free cancellation options available Mint House at 70 Pine offers accommodation in a historic landmark building in New York, 700 metres from Battery Park. Free WiFi access is offered. fantastic room, clean and great amenities in room. Avg. price/night: CAD 439.39 9.2 Superb · 575 reviews Placemakr Wall Street Wall Street - Financial District, New York Free cancellation options available Boasting a fitness centre and views of city, Placemakr Wall Street is a sustainable aparthotel situated in New York, 1 km from National September 11 Memorial & Museum. Great location, comfort and staff - highly recommend Avg. price/night: CAD 340.46 8.8 Fabulous · 1,887 reviews Sonder Battery Park Wall Street - Financial District, New York Free cancellation options available In the Wall Street - Financial District district of New York, close to National September 11 Memorial & Museum, Sonder Battery Park has free WiFi and a washing machine. It was just amazing. I can totally recommend this place. Avg. price/night: CAD 540.26 8.7 Fabulous · 1,610 reviews Radio City Apartments New York Free cancellation options available Located 483 metres from Rockefeller Center, this Manhattan hotel offers free WiFi and rooms equipped with a kitchenette and cable TV. The 49th Street underground station is 1 block away. Location was excellent. Staff was friendly and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 406.46 8.5 Very good · 5,270 reviews Northern Lights Mansion Harlem, New York Free cancellation options available Featuring a garden and views of garden, Northern Lights Mansion is a sustainable bed and breakfast set in New York, 1.4 km from Columbia University. The location was good and near my son's school. Avg. price/night: CAD 609.02 8.4 Very good · 285 reviews Sonder City Hall Park Wall Street - Financial District, New York Free cancellation options available Sonder City Hall Park is set in the Wall Street - Financial District district of New York, 500 metres from National September 11 Memorial & Museum, 600 metres from One World Trade Center and 1.7 km... Très bon emplacement. Bien équipé. Grand et lumineux Avg. price/night: CAD 653.93 8.9 Fabulous · 172 reviews The Beekman Tower, Trademark Collection by Wyndham Midtown East, New York Free cancellation options available The Beekman Tower, Trademark Collection by Wyndham offers accommodation within 1.7 km of the centre of New York, with free WiFi, and a kitchen with a toaster, a fridge and a stovetop. We loved the hotel - and Ophelia, the rooftop bar. Avg. price/night: CAD 581.61 8.1 Very good · 999 reviews Lombardy Hotel Midtown East, New York Free cancellation options available Located 805 metres from Central Park, this Manhattan hotel features free WiFi. The 59th Street subway station is 500 metres away. Great hotel, amazing location, very friendly staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 536.10 8.4 Very good · 767 reviews Highly rated holiday rentals in New York See all Studios Midtown Manhattan NoMad, New York 8.0+ review score Featuring air conditioning, Studios Midtown Manhattan offers self-catered studio apartments in New York. Empire State Building is 200 metres away. Free WiFi is offered . I liked that the Studio was really close to everything. Avg. price/night: CAD 706.21 8.4 Very good · 50 reviews AKA Times Square New York 8.0+ review score AKA’s luxury furnished apartments in Times Square provide a peaceful, private retreat in the heart of one of the world’s most iconic cities. De tudo. Hotel completo e funcionários excepcionais 8.5 Very good · 171 reviews AKA Central Park New York 8.0+ review score AKA Central Park offers studio and penthouse suites with living areas and fully-equipped kitchens. Amenities and services include a lounge, meeting space, and complimentary WiFi. Sehr gute Lage. Geräumiges Studio. Nettes Personal. 8.2 Very good · 294 reviews Cozy & Convenient Midtown Apartment! Kips Bay, New York 8.0+ review score Cozy & Convenient Midtown Apartment! is located in the Kips Bay district of New York, 1 km from United Nations Headquarters, 1.1 km from Chrysler Building and 1.4 km from Macy's. 8.6 Fabulous · 5 reviews Deluxe Manhattan room Washington Heights, New York 8.0+ review score Well situated in the Washington Heights district of New York, Deluxe Manhattan room is a sustainable homestay set 2.8 km from Yankee Stadium and 4.1 km from Columbia University. It is a good opportunity in NY especially during spring and summer times. 8.7 Fabulous · 9 reviews Medium room in Harlem on 141 st Manhattan NY 10030 Harlem, New York 8.0+ review score Medium room in Harlem on 141 st Manhattan NY 10030 is situated in the Harlem district of New York, 3.6 km from Columbia University, 5.4 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art and 7.2 km from Central Park. Avg. price/night: CAD 299.48 8.5 Very good · 8 reviews Private one bedroom one bathroom Gramercy, New York 8.0+ review score Surrounded by views of the garden, Private one bedroom one bathroom is a sustainable apartment in New York, offering guests an environmentally friendly accommodation close to Flatiron Building. very clean and cozy room! the host was super nice too! 8.0 Very good · 9 reviews In the heart of nyc! Time sq, theater district, javits center Hell's Kitchen, New York 8.0+ review score In a central area of New York, located within a short distance of Jacob K. Javits Convention Center and Macy's, In the heart of nyc! 8.9 Fabulous · 7 reviews FAQs about holiday rentals in New York How much does it cost to stay in a holiday rental in New York? On average, a holiday rental in New York costs CAD 491 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a holiday rental in New York for this weekend? The average price per night for a holiday rental in New York for this weekend is CAD 1,003 (based on Booking.com prices). How much would a holiday rental in New York cost for tonight? The average price of a holiday rental in New York for this evening is CAD 1,353 (based on Booking.com prices). Which holiday rentals in New York are good for families? Many families visiting New York enjoyed staying at Luxury 4 Bedroom Apartment Near Radio City Muscial, New York City - 1, Manhattan Guest Suites and In the heart of nyc! Time sq, theater district, javits center. What are the best holiday rentals in New York near Times Square? Some of the best holiday rentals in New York near Times Square include Hotel Scherman, Radio City Apartments and AKA Times Square. What are the best holiday rentals in New York close to John F. Kennedy International Airport? Travellers who stayed in New York near John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) had good things to say about Miad’s Guest House, Cozy Studio; Lower Level Unit and Alafia- Cozy JFK Area Home. What are some of the best holiday rentals for stays in New York? Hotel Scherman, Manhattan Guest Suites and Mint House at 70 Pine are some of our most popular holiday rentals in New York. Which holiday rentals in New York offer an especially good breakfast? For holiday rentals in New York that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Northern Lights Mansion, Hotel Scherman and Collective Governors Island. Which holiday rentals in New York are good for couples? These holiday rentals in New York are highly rated by couples: Beautiful private rooms in a shared apartment upper west side, Manhattan Guest Suites and Medium room in Harlem on 141 st Manhattan NY 10030. What holiday rentals in New York have nice views? Collective Governors Island, Deluxe Manhattan room and Hotel and the City, Rooftop City View have received great reviews from guests in New York regarding the views from these holiday rentals. Holiday rentals that guests love in New York See all Gansevoort Meatpacking Holiday Rental in Greenwich Village, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 523 8.4 Very good 863 reviews Perfect location. Close to our daughters who live in the West Village and fun, clean area within east walking distance of shops, west side highway, high line and more! Show more Show less LynnYoung couple Arlo SoHo Holiday Rental in SoHo, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 260 8.0 Very good 2,143 reviews Good location, short walk to SoHo & West Village, however be arriving by car during rush hour Can be challenging, as the property is right next to Holland tunnel exit (heavy traffic). Geared towards the younger crowd, the hotel has a nice cafe, cozy bat + a rooftop bar and lots of space to lounge or work, yet still moderately quiet; not a noisy party hotel. Show more Show less EnriqueSolo traveller Club Quarters Hotel Grand Central, New York Holiday Rental in Midtown East, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 207 8.0 Very good 3,667 reviews We had a room on the 24th floor and the view was gorgeous. The room is quite small for the amount you pay, but this appears to be pretty standard for NYC. The location was pretty central to everything in Midtown, however a lot of the things we wanted to see were more south so I think next time we will probably stay around Chelsea or East Village. Show more Show less KatYoung couple Hotel Lucerne Holiday Rental in Upper West Side, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 229 8.5 Very good 1,499 reviews Very clean and near Central Park. Had a ‘village’ vibe to the area. The Nice Matin restaurant was very convenient and good for breakfast. Show more Show less TerryFamily with young children The Hotel Chelsea Holiday Rental in Chelsea, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 389 9.3 Superb 900 reviews Spacious room, comfortable bed, amazing bathroom with soak tub and shower. Location is super - we walked everywhere and could stroll into West Village for dinner. Would 100% stay again. Show more Show less NathalieYoung couple Four Points by Sheraton Manhattan SoHo Village Holiday Rental in SoHo, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 169 7.6 Good 970 reviews Nice helpful staff. Great spot within walking distance of NYU and Village spots, High Line, etc. Good subway access. Comfortable bed. Show more Show less LeslieYoung couple The Standard - East Village Holiday Rental in East Village, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 350 8.1 Very good 583 reviews Incredible location! Close to subway, east village and soho. The room size was decent for New York. Shower was incredible! Show more Show less allysePeople with friends SIXTY SoHo Holiday Rental in SoHo, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 607 8.3 Very good 893 reviews Amazing location, great ambience , friendly staff and good sized rooms. Perfectly situated in Soho, minutes to Tribeca, the West Village, East Village and more. Subways close by to take to everywhere else. Show more Show less StevenSolo traveller The Jane Hotel Holiday Rental in Greenwich Village, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 182 7.3 Good 2,115 reviews Everything under renovation, you live on a construction site incl a massive one opposite with heavy noise. All common areas are closed. Was a super disappointing stay especially for this price. Location is great close west village. Wish sites like booking would make signs more obvious that there are works. Show more Show less dirkSolo traveller Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to New York Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Holiday Rentals in Las Vegas Discover another destination in the United States. Holiday Rentals in Los Angeles Discover another destination in the United States. Hotels near John F. Kennedy International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Newark Liberty International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Holiday Rentals in Brooklyn Find more hotels in a city close to Brooklyn. Holiday Rentals in Queens Flexible on where to stay? Look up holiday rentals in nearby Queens, not too far from New York. Hotels in Manhattan Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Times Square Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1859450|1,1867410,1859450,1871440,1846950,1860250