The Best Bora Bora Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Bora Bora, French Polynesia Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Bora Bora, French Polynesia Enter your dates and choose from 72 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home French Polynesia Bora Bora Stay in Bora Bora's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ROYAL BORA BORA 3 stars Hotel in Bora Bora ROYAL BORA BORA features a restaurant, outdoor swimming pool, a bar and garden in Bora Bora. Each accommodation at the 3-star hotel has a garden view, and guests can enjoy access to a terrace. Royal Bora Bora is owned by a local family, the staff were all friendly and helpful. The lady on the tour desk organised my place on a last minute half day lagoon trip which I recommend! My room was clean, quiet and went straight on to the garden. The beach and pool were always clean and there was plenty of space for everyone and free hire of snorkelling equipment. Breakfast was delicious with plenty of choice - cooked, fresh fruit, cereals, pastries and crepes! I also had dinner in the hotel restaurant - the Royal Bora Bora platter of fresh fish sashimi, poisson cru and prawns was delicious as well. Drinks were reasonably priced in comparison with other places I had ordered cocktails around French Polynesia. The hotel was a short walk from a small market, other restaurants and main public beach. Shuttle service was easy to book and on time. Whole experience was stress free. There were also bikes and kayaks for hire. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 1,578 reviews Price from CAD 356 per night Check availability BORA BORA HOLIDAY'S LODGE Hotel in Bora Bora Located in Bora Bora and with Mount Otemanu reachable within 4 km, BORA BORA HOLIDAY'S LODGE provides a garden, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi and a terrace. The landlady is a very nice person, willing to help you in anything you may need. The location is stunning! Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 163 reviews Price from CAD 430 per night Check availability Village Temanuata 2 stars Hotel in Matira Beach, Bora Bora Set alongside Matira Beach, Village Temanuata offers traditional Polynesian-style bungalows offering direct beach access. Guests can relax on the sun loungers or indulge in a massage. The location is amazing. beautiful private beach on one side and a public beach on the other. the bungalows are very nice, clean and comfortable. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 304 reviews Price from CAD 196 per night Check availability Anaiva Lodge Bora Bora Bora 8.3 km from Mount Otemanu, Anaiva Lodge Bora is a recently renovated property set in Bora Bora and offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and private parking. Pascaline was amazing with her communication and willingness to help with anything. The accommodation was very good and we enjoyed using the hot tub. It was great to have free use of the bicycles too. Thank you Pascaline for making our first experience of French Polynesia such a memorable one :) Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 122 reviews Price from CAD 266 per night Check availability InterContinental Bora Bora & Thalasso Spa, an IHG Hotel 5 stars Bora Bora Located on Motu Piti Aau and featuring an exclusive private beach, this 5-star resort and day spa offers private villas situated over the water. The staff, overwater villa, the view of Mt. Otemanu, everything was just next nevel Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 187 reviews Price from CAD 1,692 per night Check availability InterContinental Bora Bora Le Moana Resort, an IHG Hotel 4 stars Matira Beach, Bora Bora Featuring a private white sand beach which is exclusive to guests, this luxury resort offers beachfront accommodation on Matira Point. Guests can stay in unique bungalows positioned over the water. Amazing bungalow on the beach. Such a beautiful place. We could arrive earlier and leave later which was great to make the most of the resort! Thanks for everything Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 422 reviews Price from CAD 1,001 per night Check availability Conrad Bora Bora Nui 5 stars Bora Bora Exclusively located in a private cove on Motu To’opua, Conrad Bora Bora Nui enjoys vast blue ocean views and a white sand beach. Everything! Truly an incredible, once in a lifetime experience! Akane was so attentive to our needs as were all of the staff. It was so nice to be able to take a golf cart to our events in the main part of the resort. The bungalow was out of this world. We loved all the incense and decided to take home a whole big bottle of the Coqui Coqui. The view was incredible, the fish were colorful and the experience was nothing short of inspiring. I can't recommend this place enough. My wife and I look back with tears of happy, happy joy. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 120 reviews Price from CAD 1,033 per night Check availability Le Bora Bora by Pearl Resorts 4 stars Bora Bora Guests at this luxury resort can choose between garden suites with private pool, beachfront suites with a private hot tub, or overwater bungalows with direct access to the turquoise waters below. Beautiful hotel, excellent service. Best surprise was that when we arrived at 8am, they provided us a small private room with a shower and small bed to rest.. and also provided an early check-in as soon as it was available Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 599 reviews Price from CAD 1,345 per night Check availability Bora Red Hibiscus Lodge Bora Bora Bora Red Hibiscus Lodge is situated in Bora Bora, 16 km from Mount Otemanu, and a garden and a terrace are available on-site. The breakfast was very nice. Eggs, fresh fruits, croissants. Decorated with flowers. Done with a lot of love :) The sleepingroom is very lovely and the bed is very cofortable. Really enjoyed my stay in Melanie’s Lodge!The kitchen has everything you need for cooking. Melanie is an absolut lovely and carrying person. Seldom had such an sweet and attentive host. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 19 reviews Price from CAD 127 per night Check availability Fare Luna - Comfy New home in Bora Bora Bora Bora A sustainable holiday home situated in Bora Bora, Fare Luna - Comfy New home in Bora Bora features a garden. Amazing place. Very comfortable stay. Location was decent...close to the water, and a 10 min bike ride to restaurants, stores, etc. Louana, the house manager, was extremely helpful and hospitable. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 10 reviews Price from CAD 307 per night Check availability See all 47 hotels on Bora Bora Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Bora Bora with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Conrad Bora Bora Nui 5 stars Hotel in Bora Bora 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Four Seasons Resort Bora Bora 5 stars Hotel in Bora Bora 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 The St. Regis Bora Bora Resort 5 stars Hotel in Bora Bora 6 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Fare Ahuna Hotel in Bora Bora 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 7.9 BORA BORA HOLIDAY'S LODGE Hotel in Bora Bora 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.3 ROYAL BORA BORA 3 stars Hotel in Bora Bora 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.1 See all FAQs about hotels on Bora Bora Which hotels on Bora Bora are good for families? Many families visiting Bora Bora loved staying at BORA BORA HOLIDAY'S LODGE, ROYAL BORA BORA and Village Temanuata. What hotels on Bora Bora are good for couples? Couples travelling on Bora Bora loved staying at BORA BORA HOLIDAY'S LODGE, ROYAL BORA BORA and Village Temanuata. How many hotels on Bora Bora are listed on Booking.com? There are 59 hotels on Bora Bora you can book on Booking.com. How much is a hotel on Bora Bora for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel on Bora Bora this weekend is CAD 268 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 1,230. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels on Bora Bora for this weekend cost on average around CAD 2,342 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel on Bora Bora for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 296 per night to book a 3-star hotel on Bora Bora for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 1,622 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel on Bora Bora will cost around CAD 2,473 (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels on Bora Bora near Bora Bora Airport? Travellers who stayed on Bora Bora near Bora Bora Airport (BOB) have said good things about BORA BORA HOLIDAY'S LODGE, ROYAL BORA BORA and Village Temanuata. What are the best hotels to stay on Bora Bora? ROYAL BORA BORA, BORA BORA HOLIDAY'S LODGE and Village Temanuata are some of the popular hotels on Bora Bora. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel on Bora Bora? On average, 3-star hotels on Bora Bora cost CAD 345 per night, and 4-star hotels on Bora Bora are CAD 2,008 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel on Bora Bora can on average be found for CAD 4,049 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What hotels on Bora Bora have nice views? Village Temanuata, ROYAL BORA BORA and BORA BORA HOLIDAY'S LODGE have received great reviews from travellers on Bora Bora regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Planning a trip? Get inspired by reviews of cities on Bora Bora 6.0 Beautiful blue and turquoise sea. Vaitape itself is just a small village with loads of tourist shops and not much else. It's also where the cruise ships anchor so if you're there when a ship is in it becomes a lot busier. Worth a visit to see the place but 2 hours is more than adequate. The places to stay in Bora Bora are, of course, the resort hotels which are dotted around the island either on the island itself or, in many cases, on private islands in the lagoon. This is where you will be able to relax and/or take part in various lagoon based activities and excursions. Show more Show less John United Kingdom 4.0 Vaitape is not geared towards tourists. Vaitape is not geared towards tourists. We weren't able to even buy coconuts in Vaitape - there are not many transport options to go around the island. The tourist information office is only open during certain hours (from 09:00am, I recall) and then the staff on the tourist information desk were not really able to speak English. Most of the shops are black pearl shops and there are not enough tourist activities - we were looking to give somebody our money for any tourist activities. Other locations in Bora Bora are amazing - Mitira beach; Coral gardens by the Sofitel private island; the lookout on the other side of the island. We were so keen to see some turtles while in Bora Bora, it seemed to only be offered by Le Meridian. Show more Show less Jester13 Australia 10 We had a great wedding and honeymoon in Bora Bora with... We had a great wedding and honeymoon in Bora Bora with amazing views, photos, memories that we would not trade for anything else. I would get married here again, and come back every time we can. Show more Show less Dalys Mariela New Zealand 10 Whether you are on one of the motus surrounding Bora Bora or... Whether you are on one of the motus surrounding Bora Bora or on the main island, lack of nearby house reefs for good snorkelling with coral gardens and plenty of fish. A big disappointment for someone used to the Maldives. Otherwise, this is one of the paradises on earth. Show more Show less Abdelaziz Switzerland 10 I'd say Bora Bora is one of the most beautiful places in... I'd say Bora Bora is one of the most beautiful places in the world. Really. It is in good proportion and perfect with its size, form and its surroundings of the lagoon, the reef and the colours. It is an island with the sands so white and it reflects so many different shades of blue of the water in the lagoon. Matira beach is really a beautiful spot in Bora Bora. The sand is so white and the water is dazzling turquoise blue; a short boat ride to the outer reef. It is well serviced with a few rental agencies of cars, boats and scooters. Supermarkets, bars and restaurants are also there. Besides self catering we enjoyed a buffet dinner and entertainment at the Intercontinental Hotel. We spent a day, actually 7 hours, longer than we expected, driving a little boat in the lagoon around the island, taking in its beauty, for our own record that we really saw Bora Bora from air, by land and by sea. And all is beautiful ! Show more Show less Pannee Thailand 4.0 Bien que Bora Bora en fasse rêver plusieurs, seul son lagon... Bien que Bora Bora en fasse rêver plusieurs, seul son lagon vaut la peine. Ne séjournez pas plus de 2 jours (excluant le jour d'arrivée et du départ). Nous ne conseillons à personne de faire le tour de l'île (32 km) à vélo car des chiens de type pitbull vous courent après. Il semble que le trop grand nombre de ces chiens soit un véritable problème à Bora Bora (et ceci, nous a été confirmé par les habitants des îles voisines après notre séjour à Bora Bora). Aussi, la majeure partie de l'île rappelle drôlement certains endroits pauvres tels qu'à Cuba, au Mexique et en République dominicaine. Et avec ces prix exhorbitants, on se demande comment les habitants font pour vivre. Bora Bora nous a grandement déçue! Show more Show less Yvon Canada 10 There are many different ways to experience Bora Bora, and... There are many different ways to experience Bora Bora, and all are great. Personally, I prefer staying on the island to experience more of local life because a resort experience - apart from the view - tends to be the same the world over. Show more Show less Peter New Zealand 6.0 Staying with real people , effectively in their home... Staying with real people , effectively in their home although in every way separate. The people generally and the vibrant scenery- water , reefs and mountains However Bora Bora was the least interesting of the 4 Islands we stayed on ; in order of preference Huahine, Tahiti/Moorea and Bora bora. The overdevelopment in separate enclaves of 5&6 Star overwater resorts on the Motu are sucking the life- commercial and social out of Bora Bora. This is especially so for Vaitape which just exists. Show more Show less Alan Australia 10 Very beautiful! Very beautiful! A boat tour around the island is a must, as you want to see the lagoon with the marine life in it. I would also recommend a day of cycling or scootering around the main island, as it only takes 2-3 hours to cycle the whole island. Staying in one of the resorts is a great option for Bora Bora, as you would want to experience that luxurious style on this island, but make sure you don't spend all your time in the resort. Take time to head to Vaitape, the main town to eat the street food, buy some fresh fruits and souvenirs. And if you're lucky enough to be there during festival seasons during June/July, do go and check out the performances there too! Show more Show less Rose Netherlands 10 Bora bora is the real paradise amazing the matira beach is... Bora bora is the real paradise amazing the matira beach is the only public beach bit is really nice, great the lagoon trip swim with sharks and manta I never see a cristal clear water, the local people are amazing and very welcoming and the nature of bora bora is stunning I raccomanded all traveller to come here once in the life is a real paradise Show more Show less Angela Nevola Italy Explore guest reviews of hotels on Bora Bora See all Sunset Hill Lodge Bora Bora From CAD 154 per night 8.5 Very good 383 reviews Excellent Host Gerard and his lovely assistant, one of the most accessible properties in Bora Bora. They provide an excellent pick up service for free that makes a big difference, As many hotels in Bora Bora charge expensive fee to collect you or take you to the Airport Ferry. Spent 2 further nights at the accommodation by the lagoon which was much more spacious and had better furnishings and facilities. That property was Par excellence. The first night I spent at the main accommodation was a little small but the Lagoon Lodge is excellent Show more Show less Remo United Kingdom Villa Yrondi Bora Bora From CAD 454 per night 8.3 Very good 150 reviews It’s everything as described. I love the style of the property! Beds very comfortable, wifi, air con all good. Absolutely gorgeous view of the mountain and literally a few minutes to Vaitape or Matira beach by car. Having a kitchenette in our apartment has been wonderful especially travelling with 2 children. Laura has been incredible with organising taxi, car hire, & excursion for us. If we are ever in the fortunate position to travel to Bora Bora again we would definitely stay here again. Show more Show less Charlotte United Kingdom Le Bora Bora by Pearl Resorts Bora Bora From CAD 1,345 per night 9.4 Superb 599 reviews We stayed at an over-the-water bungalow. The interior actually exceeded our expectations. Contemporary newly remodeled bungalow with a touch of Polynesian ornament. Turquois water over white sand is a beauty and its pleasing to get into the water right from bungalow. The beach is beautiful, like on pictures of Bora Bora, and swimming pool is stylish, too. The food is decent (except pretentious romantic restaurant where nothing meets their said "high" standards). Show more Show less Zena United States ROYAL BORA BORA Hotel in Bora Bora From CAD 356 per night 8.5 Very good 1,578 reviews Very comfortable little hotel. Reminded me of the hotel I stayed in My first trip to Bora Bora in 1989. Perfect location, friendly Staff, nice breakfast included. Restaurant with three meal service and a small Bar. They have kayaks and bicycles to rent. Market is a one minute walk. Many restaurants within walking. If you're looking for the fancy resort amenities this is not the place. I think it's perfect! I will definitely stay again. Show more Show less Patricia United States Rohotu Fare Bora Bora 9.9 Exceptional 65 reviews This place is just magic! Nir and his wife are wonderful hosts. The place that Nir envisioned and created up the hill on Bora Bora is the most relaxing and special place I have ever been in my life. The apartment has everything you will need for your stay. You just need to come here, enjoy the jungle around your room and relax by seeing the most beautiful sunsets of your life. Thanks for everything, Nir! Giorgia and Alessandro Show more Show less Giorgia United States BORA BORA HOLIDAY'S LODGE Hotel in Bora Bora From CAD 430 per night 8.7 Fabulous 163 reviews Great place to stay in Bora Bora if you're looking for something budget-friendly. Owner was fantastic, gave me plenty of information about the hotel's amenities and nearby features. When I left I had planned to walk to the ferry to the airport, but had a sore back and asked to organize a taxi. When no taxis were going to be available to get me to the ferry on time the owner drove me to the ferry terminal herself. Show more Show less Matthew United States Tiki House Bora Bora From CAD 221 per night 9.8 Exceptional 84 reviews Great 4 nights at Tike House. The bungalow is well thought and has everything you need to make your stay extremely comfortable. Fred is very kind and knowledgeable of the island. He will ensure you make the most of your time at Bora Bora! Breakfast are the best we had in our French Polynesia trip, highly recommend booking for dinner too, Fred is a great cook! Rent a car or scooter to discover the island! 100% recommend! Show more Show less maria United States The View Bora Bora From CAD 466 per night 9.5 Exceptional 33 reviews Everithing. Staying in this apartment made me curse that I spent so much money in the resorts the previous days. As soon as I arrived I dived into bora bora's life and started having fun. I was coming from three days of resort and I was about to cut my veins from boredom, then I got here and everything changed. Lauren is fantastic, kind and always present. The house has a breathtaking view and is spotless. Show more Show less FRANCESCO Italy Studio Moana Bora Bora From CAD 127 per night 8.6 Fabulous 59 reviews We had a great stay in Bora Bora. The apartment had a great feel and lovely outlook. We really enjoyed being able to cook our own meals and dining on the balcony. Although the apartment is 20 mins by scooter from town, we did not find it to be a hassle. The apartment is well setup with everything you need. Really appreciated the pick up from the ferry/airport. Show more Show less Diana New Zealand InterContinental Bora Bora & Thalasso Spa, an IHG Hotel Bora Bora From CAD 1,692 per night 9.5 Exceptional 187 reviews This is definitely the best hotel in Bora Bora if you consider price. The property is beautiful, the view from the pool and the beach is probably the best in Bora Bora! We could have stayed there few weeks if we had time. The staff was extremely friendly and empathetic. And our villa! Amazing and spectacular! This is the hotel you want to go to on Bora Bora! Show more Show less Justyna Poland Maitai Bora Bora Bora Bora From CAD 286 per night 8.2 Very good 376 reviews Our trip was interrupted when we tested positive for Covid. It could have been a nightmare of a vacation but Maitai Bora Bora is the only place I would ever want to quarantine for 10 days. Our over the water bungalow was the perfect place for sole R&R and the hotel staff was very accommodating to our situation . Show more Show less Mariane Canada Anaiva Lodge Bora Bora Bora From CAD 266 per night 9.5 Exceptional 122 reviews Our host Vicky is so hospitable and accommodating. She would pick you up from the port after arriving from Bora Bora airport and would bring you back, if needed transport. You have everything in the apartment to make your stay comfortable. Mauru uru Vicky for your hospitality. Show more Show less Michael United States raihei location2 Bora Bora From CAD 61 per night 8.8 Fabulous 71 reviews Cozy hostel in a family house, friendly atmosphere, attentive hosts. My two days in Bora Bora well spent, especially with the Lagoon trip recommended by the hostess. It is wonderful that in Bora Bora there is such a hostel where backpakers can stay. Show more Show less Rimantas Lithuania Vaiotaha Lodge Bora Bora From CAD 129 per night 8.5 Very good 178 reviews Good location Very spacious with room for up to 5 people Fairly priced compared to other hotels in Bora Bora Own fully equipped kitchen Could easily have spent more time here! Show more Show less Michala Denmark Bora Bora Fare Sophia Bora Bora From CAD 166 per night 8.8 Fabulous 50 reviews Lovely modern apartment, extremely clean and Sophia the owner was very helpful for information about bora bora. We were comfortable and happy there. Show more Show less Katie Ireland Bora Bora Bungalove From CAD 184 per night 8.6 Fabulous 111 reviews very cozy, great view! the equipment are good . they borrow us kayak and bikes Show more Show less Jessica Oa Oa Lodge From CAD 169 per night 7.8 Good 688 reviews The lodge staff were very helpful in arranging tours, Laundry, transport. Extremely good value for money. Show more Show less Kimberley Villa Bora Bora - on Matira From CAD 982 per night 8.9 Fabulous 24 reviews Location , house , comfort , host Show more Show less Angelica Fare Ahuna From CAD 736 per night 9.2 Superb 42 reviews This place is a piece of paradise, a place on a remote motu where you arrive with a boat, just to enjoy nature and privacy brought to perfection. The place is designed in the most beautiful way, with little details at every corner, with paintings, old vases and statues. The amount of relaxation you receive in this place is incredible. The host is very friendly and helpful, contributing to the best experience in terms of hospitality. You basically have your own private island and your own private beach with all the comfort of a high end hotel. While some people might be a little concerned with mosquitos, please note that a reasonable quality repeller will solve this for you. We tried the very best in Bora Bora, including the high end resorts with water bungalows. I can say that without our experience at Fare Ahuna, our trip to Bora Bora would have been so much less complete. Thank you Tea for everything that you built there, and with a humble salute, I thank you for allowing us to experience this glimpse of paradise. Show more Show less Radu Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights from London to Vaitape Need to book flights for your trip? Find and compare prices for this and other popular routes right here on Booking.com. Resorts on Bora Bora Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Villas on Bora Bora Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Flights to Bora Bora Reaching Bora Bora just got easier! Hotels in French Polynesia Set off to explore the whole country. Car hire near Bora Bora Airport Pick up your rental car as soon as you touch down. Hotels in Vaitape Thinking about which towns and cities to visit during your trip to Bora Bora? Try Vaitape, a popular choice with guests. Hotels on Tahiti Discover another popular destination within French Polynesia. Hotels on Moorea Discover another popular destination within French Polynesia. Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440