The 10 best hotels in Carbis Bay, Cornwall - Cheap Carbis Bay hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Carbis Bay Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Carbis Bay hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom Cornwall Carbis Bay Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Carbis Bay – 115 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Badger Inn Hotel in Carbis Bay Boasting a bar and a restaurant, The Badger Inn is situated in the quiet village of Lelant, west Cornwall. With free WiFi access and free on-site parking available, St. Show more 7.9 Good 419 reviews Price fromCAD 196.37per night Check availability Luna Beach - Luxury Carbis Bay Apartment + Parking Hotel in Carbis Bay Featuring inner courtyard views, Luna Beach - Luxury Carbis Bay Apartment + Parking features accommodation with a garden and a patio, around 300 metres from Carbis Bay Beach. Show more 8.3 Very good 13 reviews Price fromCAD 220.62per night Check availability Pedn-Olva Hotel in Carbis Bay Overlooking the Celtic Sea and St Ives Bay, Pedn-Olva offers elegant rooms with magnificent views. With an outdoor swimming pool and spacious terrace, there is also a popular restaurant. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 814 reviews Price fromCAD 213.45per night Check availability Marazion Hotel Hotel in Carbis Bay The Marazion Hotel offers a restaurant, bar and stylish rooms, some with views of the sea towards St Michael's Mount. This hotel is moments away from shops, a pub and a Cornish tea room. Show more 9.2 Superb 623 reviews Price fromCAD 221.99per night Check availability The Godolphin Hotel Hotel in Carbis Bay Overlooking St Michael's Mount, The Godolphin Hotel in Marazion offers high-quality rooms on the beautiful West Cornwall coast. With a bar and restaurant showcasing local produce. Show more 9.1 Superb 372 reviews Price fromCAD 187.84per night Check availability Hotel Penzance Hotel in Carbis Bay With wonderful views across Penzance Bay, Hotel Penzance offers award-winning cuisine and boutique bedrooms. Guests can relax in the swimming pool in the Mediterranean-style gardens. Show more 8.0 Very good 1,190 reviews Price fromCAD 162.56per night Check availability Harbour Hotel St Ives Hotel in Carbis Bay Overlooking Porthminster Beach with impressive views across St Ives Bay and Godrevy Lighthouse, The Harbour Hotel St Ives offers elegant rooms with free Wi-Fi. Show more 8.1 Very good 982 reviews Price fromCAD 179.30per night Check availability The Gannet Inn Hotel in Carbis Bay Set in a traditional house dating from 1900, The Gannet Inn is located in Carbis Bay, just an 8-minute walk from a sandy beach. It features a bar with a games room and Sky Sports channels. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 610 reviews Price fromCAD 254.43per night Check availability Carbis Bay and Spa Hotel Hotel in Carbis Bay Set in tropical gardens, this elegant hotel offers wonderful sea views, an award-winning restaurant and direct access to Carbis Bay Beach, which is a member of The Most Beautiful Bays In The World... Show more 8.3 Very good 654 reviews Price fromCAD 375.67per night Check availability The St Ives Bay Hotel Hotel in Carbis Bay Offering a restaurant, The St Ives Bay Hotel is located in St Ives. Free WiFi access is available. There is also an electric kettle. Show more 5.5 Average 1,478 reviews Price fromCAD 84.18per night Check availability See all 16 hotels in Carbis Bay Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Carbis Bay: 8.0 We chose the location for a short autumn break and it suited... We chose the location for a short autumn break and it suited us because of the easy access to St Ives, Mount’s Bay etc. We also wanted to eat at the Ugly Butterfly as we are very keen on Adam Handling’s food. Susan United Kingdom 6.0 Only went to the (lovely) beach once as the hill was so... Only went to the (lovely) beach once as the hill was so steep to get back up to accommodation near the the main road. Good location for hopping the bus to St Ives and nice views. The Cornish Arms pub is a nice spot for dinner/drinks. Lack of recycling bins. Katchooo United Kingdom 8.0 Heater provided for room as it was a cold day, books to read... Heater provided for room as it was a cold day, books to read was a good touch but all the same author ! DVDs to watch an excellent idea , tea and coffee was easy to make in room. , food was great , unfortunately private cottages at rear had barking dogs all night which totally ruined my stay as they were left outside all night barking , this was not the fault of my hosts, and they said they would report to the agents at rear, I would stay again here however and they accommodated my walk in shower wishes which was great Alison United Kingdom 10 NO SEA VIEW. FROM BORDING HOUSE. NO SEA VIEW. FROM BORDING HOUSE. CARBIS BAY BEACH IS VERY NICE CLEAN AND TIDY GOOD FACILITIES. DIFFICULT TO ACCSESS BY CAR UNLESS YOU WANT TO PAY £20 PARKING FEE. PARK AT THE TOP AND WALK DOWN, THE WALK BACK IS VERY HARD NOT SUITABLE FOT ELDERLY PEOPLE UNLESS YOU ARE VERY FIT. CARBIS BAY IT SELF IS VERY SMALL AND NOTHING MUCH TO DO ONLY THE BEACH. 10 Beautiful white sandy bay with restaurant, bar and toilets. Beautiful white sandy bay with restaurant, bar and toilets. Access is via a very steep hill but there is a small car park but costly at £20 a day. Going down to the beach is fine, but going back up is a struggle, especially in this heat wave we’re currently having!! 8.0 St Merryn Hotel, our room was comfortable for a base to... St Merryn Hotel, our room was comfortable for a base to travel around Cornwall, using the regular bus service which was 150mts away. we used Costa's located in Tesco's for breakfast and other meals were easily available on our travels. Malcolm United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Carbis Bay See all Flat 4 Trencrom Court, Carbis Bay,St Ives, Cornwall Carbis Bay From CAD 263 per night 9.3 Superb 10 reviews Excellent location, spacious and clean. The hosts had thought of everything. Small details like full length mirror in bedroom and USB sockets. Couldn't fault the place. Loads of wardrobe space with drawers inside, comfy bed and a great shower. Parking is onsite and you can walk to Carbis Bay one if our favourite beaches. Restaurant next door is fab with a great atmosphere. Show more Show less Rebecca United Kingdom Fairsky Carbis Bay From CAD 388 per night 8.6 Fabulous 7 reviews A lovely property, well maintained property in a great location. It's a very short walk down to Carbis Bay Beach and super convenient for going to the Carbis Bay Hotel. Steve was very responsive + helpful and had kindly provided a few welcome gifts, including a much appreciated pint of milk + some wine! Show more Show less ZumbaWombleTurtle United Kingdom Cozy Carbence Cottage Carbis Bay From CAD 213 per night 8.3 Very good 34 reviews Wonderful cosy cottage. Private garden, with lovely little seating areas. Easily accessible for coastal walks into Carbis Bay or St Ives. Bus is also on route. Host was easily contactable and everything was as listed. Lovely lady to deal with. Will definitely return. Show more Show less Lisa United Kingdom Green Apple Bed and Breakfast Carbis Bay 9.1 Superb 380 reviews Amazing Staff and wonderfull breakfast options with cereals, fruits, yogurts and different options of pastry. Nice and clean rooms as well :) It is quite a down hill walk to the Carbis Bay Beach, but not far! Also a 40 min walk to St Ives through the SW Costpath. Show more Show less Otavio Neto United Kingdom The Badger Inn Carbis Bay From CAD 128 per night 7.9 Good 419 reviews Very cool, authentic, old pub, which I loved. The patrons and staff were very friendly. I felt like I was staying at a neighborhood hangout, not a hotel. The restaurant/pub is wonderful. Show more Show less marcella United States St Merryn Carbis Bay From CAD 137 per night 7.6 Good 391 reviews The hotel was along the highway, near Tesco, and also the bus station. There is an access foot path going to the beach for 7-10 mins walk and it just across the hotel. Show more Show less Catherine United Kingdom Stylish coastal retreat in St Ives Carbis Bay From CAD 152 per night 9.7 Exceptional 57 reviews The garden room was a stunning retreat very conveniently located by Carbis Bay. I would definitely recommend. Show more Show less steve United Kingdom Menhyr Carbis Bay From CAD 265 per night 9.2 Superb 15 reviews The house The fact that was close to Carbis bay Quite place Show more Show less Bojken United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in the United Kingdom Eager to explore more of the United Kingdom? Find hotels up and down the country! B&Bs in Carbis Bay More great accommodation options for your trip. Apartments in Carbis Bay More great accommodation options for your trip. Holiday Homes in Carbis Bay More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels near Eden Project Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Plymouth Argyle Home Park Football Stadium Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels in Newquay Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Newquay, not too far from Carbis Bay. Hotels in St Ives Find more hotels in a city close to St Ives. Hotels in England Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Carbis Bay Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870380|5,1846890,1833870,1870380|3,1870380,1866460