The World's Best Hostels | Booking.com
 Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Hostels Friendly and relaxed; hostels make the perfect base for nomads. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. Try searching for... Eilat Dubai Amsterdam + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Photo: Safestay Madrid Central, Madrid Featured hostel destinations Check out these popular destinations for hostels Bangkok Thailand 311 hostels Chiang Mai Thailand 190 hostels Dubai United Arab Emirates 140 hostels Moscow Russia 137 hostels Barcelona Spain 130 hostels Cairo Egypt 114 hostels Warsaw Poland 112 hostels Seoul South Korea 111 hostels Kyiv Ukraine 111 hostels Sao Paulo Brazil 107 hostels Tokyo Japan 106 hostels Rio de Janeiro Brazil 102 hostels We love these hostels in Eilat Little Prince Hostel-5 Min Walk To The Beach Eilat, Israel 8.2 Very good 1,219 reviews Only 2 minutes’ walk from the beach of Eilat and several steps from the Mall Hayam shopping centre, Little Prince Hostel-5 Min Walk To The Beach offers air-conditioned rooms located in the very lively tourist area near the night clubs. Public parking nearby is free. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Exodus Hostel & Dive Center Eilat, Israel 8.8 Fabulous 717 reviews Exodus Hostel & Dive Center in Eilat provides adults-only accommodation with a garden, a shared lounge and a terrace. Featuring barbecue facilities, the hostel is close to several noted attractions, around 1.4 km from Papaya Beach, 1.5 km from Kisuski Beach and 1.7 km from The Pearl Beach. The accommodation provides a shared kitchen and free WiFi. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Arava Hostel Eilat, Israel 8.0 Very good 481 reviews The Arava Hostel is located in Eilat’s town centre, a 10-minute walk from North Beach. It offers free WiFI and free parking. The simply furnished rooms and dormitories come with air conditioning. Rooms at the Arava all have a private bathroom. The mixed dormitories have shared facilities. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel SPNI Eilat Field School Eilat, Israel 8.7 Fabulous 29 reviews Located in Eilat, within 300 metres of Coral Beach Nature Reserve and 2.2 km of Princess Beach, SPNI Eilat Field School provides accommodation with a shared lounge and as well as free private parking for guests who drive. The property is situated 2.8 km from Dolphin Reef Beach, 22 km from Royal Yacht Club and 30 km from Aqaba Port. Eilat Botanical Garden is 10 km away and Aqaba Fort is 23 km from the hostel. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Amdar Hostel Eilat, Israel 6.4 Review score 500 reviews Located 7 km from Underwater Observatory Marine Park, Amdar Hostel in Eilat offers a terrace. Boasting a shared lounge, the hotel is close to several noted attractions, around 200 metres from Kisuski Beach, less than 1 km from Moriah Beach and an 18-minute walk from Dekel Beach. The property is 200 metres from Eilat Promenade. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Find the perfect hostel in Dubai Robin Beach Hostel JBR Beach & Coast, Dubai 9.4 Superb 103 reviews The hostel will provide guests with air-conditioned rooms with a desk, a coffee machine, a fridge, a dishwasher, a safety deposit box, a flat-screen TV and a shared bathroom with a bidet. Every room comes with a kettle, while selected rooms include a balcony and others also provide guests with sea views. All units will provide guests with an oven. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Travel Hub Luxury Hostels Beach & Coast, Dubai 9.2 Superb 160 reviews Situated in Dubai, 1.6 km from Marina Beach, Travel Hub Luxury Hostels provides air-conditioned accommodation and a shared lounge. The property is located 1.7 km from Hidden Beach, 2.2 km from Barasti Beach and 1 km from The Walk at JBR. The accommodation features a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, a shared kitchen and free WiFi throughout the property. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel 96 Hostel Dubai Beach & Coast, Dubai 9.0 Superb 137 reviews Set in Dubai, less than 1 km from Hidden Beach, 96 Hostel Dubai offers accommodation with a garden, private parking, a shared lounge and a private beach area. Located around 1.2 km from Marina Beach, the hostel with free WiFi is also 2.6 km away from Barasti Beach. The accommodation features karaoke and a shared kitchen. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Alphatel Beach Hostel JBR Beach & Coast, Dubai 9.3 Superb 229 reviews Situated in Dubai, 600 metres from Hidden Beach, Alphatel Beach Hostel JBR features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a shared lounge. Boasting a shared kitchen, this property also provides guests with a terrace. The rooms come with a balcony with city views and free WiFi. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel JBR Beach Hostel Beach & Coast, Dubai 9.2 Superb 238 reviews JBR Beach Hostel features an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a shared lounge and terrace in Dubai. The accommodation provides a ski pass sales point, as well as ski-to-door access and a private beach area. The air-conditioned rooms provide a city view and come with a desk and free WiFi. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel A great choice of hostels in Amsterdam The Bee Hostel Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam 8.6 Fabulous 2,178 reviews Ideally located in Amsterdam, The Bee Hostel offers air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. The property is around 1.6 km from Dam Square, 1.9 km from Beurs van Berlage and 1.2 km from Rembrandtplein. The property is non-smoking and is set 200 metres from Artis Zoo. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel THIS HO(S)TEL Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam 8.2 Very good 5,241 reviews Set in Amsterdam and with Museum Ons' Lieve Heer op Solder reachable within 200 metres, THIS HO(S)TEL offers express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a terrace, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. The property is close to Dutch National Opera & Ballet, Amsterdam Central Station and Royal Palace Amsterdam. The property is 500 metres from the city centre and 600 metres from Dam Square. With a shared bathroom equipped with a shower and a hairdryer, certain units at the hostel also have a city view. At THIS HO(S)TEL all rooms are equipped with bed linen and towels. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Durty Nelly's Inn Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam 8.2 Very good 4,603 reviews Located in the Red Light District of Amsterdam, Durty Nelly's Inn a 7-minute walk from the Central Station and a 1-minute walk from Dam Square. The property is close to several well-known attractions. Guests can have a cocktail at the bar and enjoy hostel discounts on food and drinks. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Ecomama Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam 8.0 Very good 2,606 reviews Ecomama is well set in Amsterdam, and features a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. The property is located 700 metres from Artis Zoo, 1.2 km from Dam Square and 1.5 km from Beurs van Berlage. The accommodation provides a shared kitchen, and luggage storage for guests. Popular points of interest near the hostel include Rembrandt House, Dutch National Opera & Ballet and Royal Theater Carré. The nearest airport is Schiphol Airport, 16 km from Ecomama. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Via Amsterdam Bijlmermeer, Amsterdam 8.1 Very good 14,910 reviews Located 10 minutes by metro from the city center, Via Amsterdam is a design-led hybrid hostel and hotel with street art and urban design featured throughout the building.The property situated in the Bijlmermeer district, offers free WiFi and a 24-hour front desk. Show more Show less Reserve this hostel Most booked hostels this month HI New York City Hostel New York, United States 8.2 Very good 13217 hostel reviews Popular with guests booking hostels Next House Copenhagen Copenhagen, Denmark 8.5 Very good 27016 hostel reviews Popular with guests booking hostels Generator Paris Paris, France 7.3 Good 9024 hostel reviews Popular with guests booking hostels Unite Hostel Barcelona Barcelona, Spain 8.2 Very good 5826 hostel reviews Popular with guests booking hostels Dubai Capsule hostel 5min walking from Saraf DG Metro station Dubai, United Arab Emirates 5.1 Review score 137 hostel reviews Popular with guests booking hostels Plus Florence Florence, Italy 8.0 Very good 16235 hostel reviews Popular with guests booking hostels Search 18,850 hostels Take me there! Our favourite cities for hostels Bangkok 311 hostels Chiang Mai 190 hostels Dubai 140 hostels Moscow 137 hostels Barcelona 130 hostels Cairo 114 hostels Warsaw 112 hostels Seoul 111 hostels Kyiv 111 hostels Sao Paulo 107 hostels Tokyo 106 hostels Rio de Janeiro 102 hostels Where to stay? Popular regions for hostels Southeast Brazil 588 hostels North Zone 531 hostels Central Thailand 452 hostels Bangkok Province 369 hostels South Thailand 356 hostels Northeast Brazil 350 hostels Northern Thailand 295 hostels Rio de Janeiro State 274 hostels Sao Paulo State 253 hostels South Brazil 217 hostels Catalonia 216 hostels Luzon 199 hostels Our most searched: Top countries for hostels Brazil 1370 hostels Thailand 1209 hostels Spain 1116 hostels India 969 hostels Poland 724 hostels Japan 656 hostels Portugal 598 hostels Russia 490 hostels Indonesia 452 hostels Argentina 442 hostels Colombia 441 hostels Philippines 431 hostels Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay All destinations All flight destinations All car hire locations Discover Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1873430,1865390