The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Gold Coast, Australia - Gold Coast hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Gold Coast Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Gold Coast hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Australia Queensland Gold Coast Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Gold Coast – 172 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Meriton Suites Southport Hotel in Southport, Gold Coast Featuring picturesque, panoramic views of Gold Coasts' surf beaches, hinterland and the marina, Meriton Suites Southport is 5 minutes' walk from Australia Fair Shopping Centre, which offers a range of... Show more 9.0 Superb 6,479 reviews Price fromCAD 197.34per night Check availability Imperial Hotel Gold Coast Hotel in Main Beach, Gold Coast Indulge and unwind in Imperial style right in the heart of the Gold Coast. Imperial Hotel Gold Coast offers the ultimate luxury hotel experience you would expect anywhere in the world. Show more 8.3 Very good 4,105 reviews Price fromCAD 377.81per night Check availability Mermaid Waters Hotel by Nightcap Plus Hotel in Mermaid Waters, Gold Coast Mermaid Waters is conveniently situated in a secluded location, just 1 km from the beachfront and close to Jupiters Casino and the Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre. Free WiFi is provided. Show more 8.4 Very good 3,800 reviews Price fromCAD 172.80per night Check availability The Island Gold Coast Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Located in the heart of Surfers Paradise, The Island offers modern boutique accommodation with the popular Rooftop Bar and vibrant restaurant and bar, Goldie. Show more 8.4 Very good 2,475 reviews Price fromCAD 215.28per night Check availability Mantra at Sharks Hotel in Southport, Gold Coast Offering premium Gold Coast accommodation in the heart of Southport, Mantra at Sharks is surrounded by dining and entertainment choices.The property boasts a multipurpose events centre, two... Show more 8.4 Very good 2,821 reviews Price fromCAD 188.37per night Check availability JW Marriott Gold Coast Resort & Spa Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Featuring a private saltwater lagoon, sandy beaches and an artificial reef with tropical fish, the 28-storey JW Marriott Gold Coast Resort & Spa is set in the heart of Surfers Paradise. Show more 9.0 Superb 1,732 reviews Price fromCAD 519.36per night Check availability The Darling at The Star Gold Coast Hotel in Broadbeach, Gold Coast Located in Gold Coast, 750 metres from Kurrawa Beach, The Darling at The Star Gold Coast provides accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. Show more 9.1 Superb 255 reviews Price fromCAD 925.69per night Check availability The Star Grand at The Star Gold Coast Hotel in Broadbeach, Gold Coast Located in the heart of Broadbeach on Australia's Gold Coast, The Star Grand at The Star Gold Coast is set amongst 7 acres of landscaped gardens and parklands. Show more 8.3 Very good 6,491 reviews Price fromCAD 227.83per night Check availability The Pink Hotel Coolangatta Hotel in Coolangatta, Gold Coast Re-opened in November 2018, The Pink Hotel Coolangatta is a refurbished 1950's boutique hotel, situated opposite the beach. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 1,112 reviews Price fromCAD 265.42per night Check availability QT Gold Coast Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast • QT Gold Coast has just undergone a complete refurbishment of all 293 guest rooms and suites. Show more 8.2 Very good 3,485 reviews Price fromCAD 233.22per night Check availability See all 572 hotels in Gold Coast Most booked hotels in Gold Coast in the past month See all Meriton Suites Broadbeach Hotel in Broadbeach, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 8.5 Very good · 10,714 reviews Dorsett Gold Coast Hotel in Broadbeach, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 8.5 Very good · 6,554 reviews The Star Grand at The Star Gold Coast Hotel in Broadbeach, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 8.3 Very good · 6,489 reviews Mantra on View Hotel Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 7.4 Good · 8,479 reviews Vibe Hotel Gold Coast Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 7.4 Good · 4,878 reviews Meriton Suites Southport Hotel in Southport, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 9.0 Superb · 6,479 reviews Novotel Surfers Paradise Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 7.5 Good · 5,024 reviews Mermaid Waters Hotel by Nightcap Plus Hotel in Mermaid Waters, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 8.4 Very good · 3,800 reviews Rydges Gold Coast Airport Hotel in Bilinga, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 8.7 Fabulous · 4,730 reviews Crowne Plaza Surfers Paradise, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Popular with guests booking hotels in Gold Coast 8.2 Very good · 3,098 reviews Gold Coast's best hotels with breakfast See all The Star Grand at The Star Gold Coast Hotel in Broadbeach, Gold Coast Breakfast options Located in the heart of Broadbeach on Australia's Gold Coast, The Star Grand at The Star Gold Coast is set amongst 7 acres of landscaped gardens and parklands. Wonderful friendly helpful staff Pools were great Avg. price/night: CAD 227.83 8.3 Very good · 6,491 reviews Crowne Plaza Surfers Paradise, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Breakfast options Towering over the stretch of coastline, Crowne Plaza Surfers Paradise is nestled between the Cavill Avenue entertainment strip and Broadbeach’s premier local shopping and dining scene, with the G-link... Close the everything, tram was right out the front Avg. price/night: CAD 177.60 8.2 Very good · 3,098 reviews Woodroffe Hotel Hotel in Southport, Gold Coast Breakfast options Woodroffe Hotel is located in Southport on the beautiful Gold Coast. It offers convenient access to public transport, parklands, theme parks and is only 3.9 km to Surfers Paradise. Nice and clean. Decent sized rooms and great location. Avg. price/night: CAD 140.83 7.8 Good · 2,482 reviews Vibe Hotel Gold Coast Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Breakfast options Overlooking the Nerang River, the modern and contemporary Vibe Hotel Gold Coast features a swimming pool and parking, 5 minutes' walk from Surfers Paradise Beach. Great location and easy to get to from the airport. Avg. price/night: CAD 235.59 7.4 Good · 4,878 reviews Oaks Gold Coast Hotel Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Breakfast options Oaks Gold Coast Hotel is located just 400 metres from the beach, where you can take a stroll and is 3.5 km from Pacific Fair Shopping Centre, to enjoy some shopping. Friendly staff, clean and tidy easy check in process 8.3 Very good · 2,529 reviews Mermaid Waters Hotel by Nightcap Plus Hotel in Mermaid Waters, Gold Coast Breakfast options Mermaid Waters is conveniently situated in a secluded location, just 1 km from the beachfront and close to Jupiters Casino and the Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre. Free WiFi is provided. Location, facilities, services, peaceful, relaxing Avg. price/night: CAD 172.80 8.4 Very good · 3,800 reviews Montana Palms Resort Hotel in Mermaid Beach, Gold Coast Breakfast options Just 70 metres from Mermaid Beach, Montana Palms Resort is located on the Gold Coast and offers a palm-fringed swimming pool and a BBQ area. cleanliness & nice size apartments. great location 8.2 Very good · 303 reviews Park Towers Holiday Units Hotel in Burleigh Heads, Gold Coast Breakfast options Located in Gold Coast, within 300 metres of Burleigh Heads and 1.8 km of Tallebudgera Creek, Park Towers Holiday Units provides accommodation with a garden and free WiFi throughout the property as... Excellent location.. 10 minute walk to shopping centre. 8.3 Very good · 91 reviews Budget hotels in Gold Coast See all Luxury Ocean View Studio Apartments Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Budget Hotel Set in Gold Coast, 500 metres from Broadbeach, Luxury Ocean View Studio Apartments offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a garden and a terrace. Beautiful room, great location, very helpful host. 9.3 Superb · 43 reviews Harbour Quays Apartments Hotel in Biggera Waters, Gold Coast Budget Hotel Conveniently situated in the Biggera Waters district of Gold Coast, Harbour Quays Apartments is located less than 1 km from Harbour Town Gold Coast, 6.6 km from Southport Broadwater Parklands and 6.7... 9.1 Superb · 10 reviews The Sebel Twin Towns Hotel in Coolangatta, Gold Coast Budget Hotel Located in Gold Coast, 200 metres from Coolangatta Beach, The Sebel Twin Towns provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Breakfast was great. Good choice of hot and cold food. Avg. price/night: CAD 246.67 8.7 Fabulous · 1,413 reviews Elite Gold Coast Hotel in Carrara, Gold Coast Budget Hotel Elite Gold Coast features a fitness centre, garden, a terrace and restaurant in Gold Coast. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, a concierge service and free WiFi. Neat, clean, friendly staff. Can't expect more. Avg. price/night: CAD 187.47 8.8 Fabulous · 1,852 reviews The Pink Hotel Coolangatta Hotel in Coolangatta, Gold Coast Budget Hotel Re-opened in November 2018, The Pink Hotel Coolangatta is a refurbished 1950's boutique hotel, situated opposite the beach. Great rooms, helpful and friendly staff and epic position! Avg. price/night: CAD 265.42 8.7 Fabulous · 1,112 reviews Bay of Palms Hotel in Elanora, Gold Coast Budget Hotel Set on peaceful Pine Lake, Bay of Palms resort offers a solar heated outdoor swimming pool, a spa pool, a bar/lounge, a barbecue area and free parking on site. The ambience of the whole place..so calming quiet and relaxing 8.0 Very good · 1,084 reviews Meriton Suites Broadbeach Hotel in Broadbeach, Gold Coast Budget Hotel Just 5 minutes’ walk from the beach, Meriton Suites Broadbeach offers luxurious accommodation. Guests enjoy unlimited free WiFi at the property. Union Pay is accepted here. Everything anyone could want is within walking distance Avg. price/night: CAD 174.91 8.5 Very good · 10,714 reviews Mercure Gold Coast Resort Hotel in Carrara, Gold Coast Budget Hotel Located 10 minutes' drive from Gold Coast beaches, Surfers Paradise and The Star Casino, Mercure Gold Coast Resort offers 2 outdoor swimming pools, a fitness centre, sauna and 2 tennis courts. Nice large king size bed and a good sized spa bath. Avg. price/night: CAD 174.02 8.0 Very good · 3,615 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Gold Coast See all Designer Suites - Versace On View Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Central location Conveniently situated in the centre of Gold Coast, Designer Suites - Versace On View provides air-conditioned rooms, a garden and a terrace. Avg. price/night: CAD 402.84 9.0 Superb · 4 reviews Calypso Plaza Resort Unit 215 Hotel in Coolangatta, Gold Coast Central location Located within 300 metres of Coolangatta Beach and 800 metres of Kirra Beach, Calypso Plaza Resort Unit 215 provides rooms with air conditioning and a private bathroom in Gold Coast. 8.9 Fabulous · 8 reviews Nightcap at Commercial Hotel Hotel in Gold Coast Central location Featuring a bar, Nightcap at Commercial Hotel is set in Gold Coast in the Queensland region, 3.9 km from Metricon Stadium and 9.4 km from Australia Fair Shopping Centre. the bed was comfy and room was big enough for the two of us Avg. price/night: CAD 144.42 8.7 Fabulous · 695 reviews Tessa's on the Beach Hotel in Bilinga, Gold Coast Central location Located in Gold Coast, a few steps from Bilinga Beach, Tessa's on the Beach provides accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a terrace. Very relaxing spot in a quiet area of Billinga Beach. Avg. price/night: CAD 296.01 8.7 Fabulous · 346 reviews QT Gold Coast Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Central location • QT Gold Coast has just undergone a complete refurbishment of all 293 guest rooms and suites. The room was lovely.. Decor tops We love the QT brand Avg. price/night: CAD 233.22 8.2 Very good · 3,486 reviews Marriott Vacation Club at Surfers Paradise Hotel in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast Central location Located in the heart of Surfers Paradise, Marriott Vacation Club at Surfers Paradise is ideally located to explore the city centre and famous surrounding beaches. Great location and great for kids! Always love our stays Avg. price/night: CAD 327.40 8.2 Very good · 94 reviews Calypso Plaza Resort Unit 141 Hotel in Coolangatta, Gold Coast Central location Offering air-conditioned rooms in the Coolangatta district of Gold Coast, Calypso Plaza Resort Unit 141 is 100 metres from Coolangatta Beach. Very well positioned; well managed, great pool area. 7.9 Good · 8 reviews Sofitel Gold Coast Broadbeach Hotel in Broadbeach, Gold Coast Central location Located in the heart of Broadbeach and just 300 metres from patrolled beaches, Sofitel Gold Coast Broadbeach offers luxury guest rooms, with breathtaking views of the Pacific Ocean or hinterland. The pool is really lovely and the location fantastic Avg. price/night: CAD 308.56 7.8 Good · 631 reviews FAQs about hotels in Gold Coast How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Gold Coast? On average, 3-star hotels in Gold Coast cost CAD 188 per night, and 4-star hotels in Gold Coast are CAD 287 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Gold Coast can on average be found for CAD 401 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Gold Coast for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Gold Coast this weekend is CAD 306 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 385. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Gold Coast for this weekend cost on average around CAD 619 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Gold Coast for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 254 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Gold Coast for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 286 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Gold Coast will cost around CAD 340 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Gold Coast are good for families? Many families visiting Gold Coast loved staying at The Darling at The Star Gold Coast, JW Marriott Gold Coast Resort & Spa and Luxury Ocean View Studio Apartments. What are the best hotels in Gold Coast near Robina Town Centre? Some of the best hotels in Gold Coast near Robina Town Centre include Quest Robina, The Village B&B and TL Warmest Homestay. What are the best hotels in Gold Coast near Gold Coast Airport? Travellers who stayed in Gold Coast near Gold Coast Airport (OOL) have said good things about Rydges Gold Coast Airport, Tessa's on the Beach and The Sebel Twin Towns. What are the best hotels to stay in Gold Coast? Meriton Suites Southport, JW Marriott Gold Coast Resort & Spa and The Darling at The Star Gold Coast are some of the popular hotels in Gold Coast. What hotels in Gold Coast offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Gold Coast that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Darling at The Star Gold Coast, The Sebel Twin Towns and The Langham, Gold Coast and Jewel Residences. What hotels in Gold Coast are good for couples? These hotels in Gold Coast are highly rated by couples: Luxury Ocean View Studio Apartments, Harbour Quays Apartments and The Darling at The Star Gold Coast. What hotels in Gold Coast have nice views? Luxury Ocean View Studio Apartments, Meriton Suites Southport and The Darling at The Star Gold Coast have received great reviews from travellers in Gold Coast regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Learn more about visiting Gold Coast 99 attractions 32 points of interest 26 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Gold Coast: 10 If you are like me and you like hot weather, cosmopolitan... If you are like me and you like hot weather, cosmopolitan cities, laid-back lifestyle and good food, then Gold Coast is your destination! The theme parks are amazing! From Wet & Wild, to Movieworld, to Seaworld and all the others! If you are a romantic, then a stroll down the beautiful sandy beaches will certainly do. An abundance of restaurants and bars will satisfy your hunger and thirst. I couldn't fault Gold Coast and I will certainly be back! Maria Australia 10 Beautiful n awesome place for children n adult. Beautiful n awesome place for children n adult. Family had an awesome happy time at Sea World. Movie world n all theme excellent. Expensive specially for senior badged n family with kids. Wonderful time to remember. Gold Coast very clean n beautiful building/gardens. Magnificent. 10 Gold Coast is awesome but it would have been nice to have... Gold Coast is awesome but it would have been nice to have beach views. Club Burleigh was great, nice food and musical bingo. The bowls club also has trivia but you need to book. Connor’s Cafe had lovely breakfast, brunch. Burleigh Heads is a great beach. There is a strip of shops to browse within walking distance of this unit. Julie Australia 8.0 Love the gold coast. Weather was good. Love the gold coast. Weather was good. Usual shopping experiences Robina Harbourtown Australia Fair Pacific Fair Broadbeach Harbour town food so much improved and great selection and variety of foods. Beach always stunning. Hired car but tram available and went to lots of places. If you have children the Currumbin wildlife sanctuary a really nice place to take them. RaymaLee New Zealand 10 Make sure before you leave home that you have all the... Make sure before you leave home that you have all the relevant information to access your apartment complex and how to use parking. There are many wonderful places to see and lovely quaint towns like Murrwillumbah , which has great shopping and cafes to explore. Of course there are the most wonderful beaches to swim or sun bake on. If you have children, then the theme parks are great days out. Tip, buy 3 day passes as they work out to be better value . 10 Fabulous beaches and weather. Fabulous beaches and weather. No shortage of retail outlets within walking or driving distance. Lots of eating options from simple/takeaway to fine dining. The light rail train makes longer distance travel up and down the beach suburbs very easy and safe. P Peter Australia Explore guest reviews of hotels in Gold Coast See all Rydges Gold Coast Airport Bilinga, Gold Coast From CAD 291.52 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 4,730 reviews We flew in from Melbourne. The hotel is literally about a 3 minute walk from Gold Coast airport concourse in Bilinga. We enjoyed our stay. The hotel was very clean, the room and bed were comfortable, and had a large bathroom. We checked out for 1 night for the trip to Australia Zoo which was about 2 hours away. We returned to Rydges after 1 nt in another lodging near the zoo because we had an early morning flight to Queenstown NZ the next day. We checked out and were in the airport within 3 minutes walking. Ursula Gold Coast Inn Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast From CAD 164.30 per night 6.6 Pleasant · 1,083 reviews I loved Gold Coast Inn it was very clean, comfortable and central location... the tram is directly across the road or a very easy beach front walk to Broadbeach central for shopping, restaurants, surf club and beach Also directly across the road to the Crown Hotel for the revolving restaurant . Antonio the manager of Gold Coast Inn went above and beyond to accommodate our needs and was so friendly and helpful ...nothing was a problem. Thank You so much !! We will definitely stay again in the future. Thelma Wilson Australia Sovereign on the Gold Coast Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast From CAD 264.61 per night 7.3 Good · 2,086 reviews I booked a twin room as we were on a budget and it was cheaper than a double - it came with a KS bed in a bedroom and a single bed in the loungeroom. It was really clean, comfortable and quiet, and also way more spacious than we anticipated - even had a six seat outdoor setting on the balcony big. All that and it was the cheapest accom on the Gold Coast :-) Of note - the room rates were cheaper through Booking.com than the best price directly through the hotel. Kerry Australia Avani Broadbeach Residences Broadbeach, Gold Coast 8.8 Fabulous · 2,539 reviews We were upgraded to a 2 bedroom room from a 1 bedroom. Rooms were absolutely lovely, clean and spacious. Staff upon arrival were very friendly and helpful. Avani is now our new preferred place to stay when we visit the Gold Coast. Location is a close walk to all the restaurants, cafes and casino. Love the fact there are 2 restaurants and gaming room below the hotel, convenient if you want to go have a quick bite and drinks with friends or family. A Anonymous Australia Peppers Soul Surfers Paradise Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast 8.8 Fabulous · 1,757 reviews Absolutely stunning views from the ocean view apartments. My parents were visiting from the UK and that is certainly the way to show them to gold coast!! I had bought Sky Point tickets to show them the view and it honestly was just as good from our balcony. Room wasnt ready at check in but the waiter at Hyde bar gave us a round of free drinks whilst we waited. Excellent service and im so pleased they left a good impression for my family. Zara Australia BreakFree Peninsula Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast 7.1 Good · 270 reviews The views were outstanding -ocean view from every window - The Shower was good and hot - Hotel was good friendly staff - I would def stay there again - right on the tram line - Close to Cavill ave for all the activities and restaurants the night markets - it felt safe - the facilities were good - don’t expect a 5 star luxury hotel - it’s good family appart well Priced Valerie Australia Hi Surf Beachfront Resort Apartments Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast 9.0 Superb · 509 reviews This is our 5th stay at HiSurf. We love the place. Straight across from the beach and tram to Broadbeach at back entrance. Outdoor and indoor pools. BBQ area. Older apartments but comfortable and clean. Emma and Nick are lovely and helpful hosts. We had a great apartment on 25th floor. Excellent views. We will be back again soon. Paul Australia Blue Waters Apartments Gold Coast 7.2 Good · 1,388 reviews My kids and I love this place. The entire experience at this hotel is wonderful. It's close to the theme parks, shopping centres, shops and heaps more. The apartments are clean and have everything you need. My kids absolutely love the heated pool and the park across the road. Highly recommend!! Karliah Luchich Australia Peninsula 21b Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast 9.6 Exceptional · 37 reviews Traveling to Gold Coast was first time for my family and I, we had a great time in Peninsular 21b. The property was vey clean and comfortable, the location absolutely close to the Surface Paradise street. Thanks Nigel Mahshad Australia Paradise Island Resort Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast From CAD 138.14 per night 6.8 Pleasant · 1,448 reviews this hotel is in a great location. we also booked very late (as another accommodation fell through) and this hotel was the cheapest that looked decent enough to stay in. the view, pool and spa were amazing. Alexander New Zealand The Langham, Gold Coast and Jewel Residences Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast From CAD 444.01 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 1,353 reviews Amazing location between Surfers Paradise and Broadbeach this 5 star hotel didn't disappoint. Room was tastefully and comfortably decorated, with very high quality products and furnishings. David United Kingdom Bel Air on Broadbeach Broadbeach, Gold Coast 8.4 Very good · 2,525 reviews Fantastic hotel all round & lovely staff. Onsite cafe is so cute & tasty. Room was amazing - spacious, modern & comfortable. Excellent parking. Close to beach & Broadbeach centre. Rachel Australia Novotel Surfers Paradise Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast From CAD 197.34 per night 7.5 Good · 5,024 reviews The location of hotel is excellent. Parking is easy and relatively cheap in the Paradise Centre. The swimming pool, spa and gym is nice. The multipurpose sport court is spot on. Peter Australia Condor Ocean View Apartments Surfers Paradise Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast 6.4 Pleasant · 371 reviews Condor apartments accommodated my family perfectly. We were able to not only enjoy the Gold Coast scenery but also use the sauna and warm pool @ the apartment. Ciara Australia Qube Broadbeach Broadbeach, Gold Coast 8.7 Fabulous · 1,377 reviews Beautiful ocean views, hotel is right on the main strip of Broadbeach where all the restaurants are and supermarket is a 5 minute walk. Awesome pool area! Ayla Australia Tiki Hotel Apartments Surfers Paradise Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast From CAD 251.16 per night 6.9 Pleasant · 3,605 reviews love how cheap it was and that it was only 10min away from where we needed to go Mydarling Australia Paradise Island Resort Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast From CAD 138.14 per night 6.8 Pleasant · 1,448 reviews Cheap. The location is pretty good and usually it's very quiet. GJS AudioVisual Australia Backpackers In Paradise 18-35 Hostel Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast From CAD 134.55 per night 6.0 Pleasant · 1,956 reviews everything you expect as in a cheap hotel! it was spot on Max United Kingdom Aqua Blue Motel Biggera Waters, Gold Coast 6.2 Pleasant · 226 reviews clean cheap friendly staff member Margaret Australia Backpackers In Paradise 18-35 Hostel Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast From CAD 134.55 per night 6.0 Pleasant · 1,956 reviews Location, cheap Marino Japan Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Gold Coast Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Hotels in Australia Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Cairns Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Coffs Harbour Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Queensland Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels near Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Hotels near Helensvale Train Station Book a hotel close to Helensvale Train Station, perfect for easy access to local transport links. Hostels in Gold Coast More great accommodation options for your trip. Apartments in Gold Coast More great accommodation options for your trip. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Gold Coast Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760,1871440,1870380,1846890,1866460,1870380|3,1847760|3,1870380|8,1833870