The 10 best hotels close to O2 Arena in London, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Hotels near O2 Arena, London Enter your dates and choose from 19 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom London O2 Arena Featured hotels near O2 Arena Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Intercontinental London - The O2, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Greenwich, London (0.2 km from O2 Arena) InterContinental London - The O2, an IHG hotel offers modern luxury on the Greenwich Peninsula. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 9,277 reviews Price from CAD 376 per night Check availability ShyPen Greenwich, London (0.4 km from O2 Arena) Boasting accommodation with a balcony, ShyPen is set in London. Free WiFi is available throughout the property and private parking is available on site. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 27 reviews Price from CAD 628 per night Check availability London Skylineviews 2 bed 2 bath flat near Canary Wharf, o2 & Excel Canary Wharf and Docklands, London (1 km from O2 Arena) Set in London, the recently renovated London Skylineviews 2 bed 2 bath flat near Canary Wharf, o2 & Excel offers accommodation 1.9 km from Canary Wharf Underground Station and 3.9 km from West Ham. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 52 reviews Price from CAD 376 per night Check availability Luxury penthouse with stunning views near Canary Wharf Newham, London (1.3 km from O2 Arena) Conveniently located in the Newham district of London, Luxury penthouse with stunning views near Canary Wharf is a sustainable apartment set 1.9 km from West Ham and 3.4 km from Canary Wharf... Show more Show less 9.9 Exceptional 31 reviews Price from CAD 360 per night Check availability Radisson Blu Edwardian New Providence Wharf Hotel, London Hotel in Canary Wharf and Docklands, London (0.8 km from O2 Arena) 4-star Radisson Blu Edwardian, New Providence Wharf offers elegant décor, free Wi-Fi and a gym. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 6,330 reviews Price from CAD 245 per night Check availability ShyTower Greenwich, London (0.2 km from O2 Arena) ShyTower is situated in the Greenwich district of London, 5.1 km from Greenwich Park, 5.7 km from Blackheath station and 6.3 km from Canary Wharf Underground Station. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 15 reviews Price from CAD 473 per night Check availability See more properties near O2 Arena Top 10 trending hotels near O2 Arena Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Radisson Blu Edwardian New Providence Wharf Hotel, London 4 stars Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London #1 Booked hotel near O2 Arena 8.8 Fabulous 6,330 reviews ibis London Docklands Canary Wharf 3 stars Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London #2 Booked hotel near O2 Arena 7.8 Good 3,804 reviews The Pilot Inn Hotel in Greenwich, London #3 Booked hotel near O2 Arena 8.6 Fabulous 1,407 reviews Intercontinental London - The O2, an IHG Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Greenwich, London #4 Booked hotel near O2 Arena 8.7 Fabulous 9,277 reviews Centra Wharf Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London #5 Booked hotel near O2 Arena 7.0 Good 2,414 reviews GuestReady - Comfort by the Thames w Balcony Hotel in Greenwich, London #6 Booked hotel near O2 Arena 7.0 Good 30 reviews Manchester Road By Austin David Apartments Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London #7 Booked hotel near O2 Arena Stunning 3BD Riverside Flat Communal Roof Terrace Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London #8 Booked hotel near O2 Arena 7.8 Good 10 reviews Canary Wharf & O2 Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London #9 Booked hotel near O2 Arena 8.0 Very good 40 reviews Stunning Victorian property near Canary Wharf! Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London #10 Booked hotel near O2 Arena 8.7 Fabulous 34 reviews See more hotels near O2 Arena Radisson Blu Edwardian New Providence Wharf Hotel, London 4 stars Hotel in Canary Wharf and Docklands, London #1 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 8.8 Fabulous 6,330 reviews ibis London Docklands Canary Wharf 3 stars Hotel in Canary Wharf and Docklands, London #2 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 7.8 Good 3,804 reviews The Pilot Inn Hotel in Greenwich, London #3 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 8.6 Fabulous 1,407 reviews Intercontinental London - The O2, an IHG Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Greenwich, London #4 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 8.7 Fabulous 9,277 reviews Centra Wharf Hotel in Canary Wharf and Docklands, London #5 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 7.0 Good 2,414 reviews Larger Groups Apartment close to Excel CanaryWharf 02 with Parking Hotel in Canary Wharf and Docklands, London #6 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 3.7 Review score 3 reviews Manchester Road By Austin David Apartments Hotel in Canary Wharf and Docklands, London #7 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 7.0 Good 1 review Stunning 3BD Riverside Flat Communal Roof Terrace Hotel in Canary Wharf and Docklands, London #8 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 7.8 Good 10 reviews Canary Wharf & O2 Hotel in Canary Wharf and Docklands, London #9 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 8.0 Very good 40 reviews Stunning Victorian property near Canary Wharf! Hotel in Canary Wharf and Docklands, London #10 Wish-listed hotel near O2 Arena 8.6 Fabulous 34 reviews See more hotels near O2 Arena The O2 Arena Like an alien ship that’s plonked itself on the banks of the Thames, the striking form of the O2 is unique. A giant marquee, it’s seen Coldplay, Pink Floyd, Madonna and many others take to the stage, while the IMAX’s giant cinema screen roars over audiences. Braver visitors can don a harness and scale the dome’s heights – the views over East London are well worth the climb. Planning a trip to see the O2 Arena? Check out the latest reviews and scores 10 Wow! Second time I have visited and it just gets better. Wow! Second time I have visited and it just gets better. The O2 blue Room was nicely furnished and felt comfortable, it was fairly pricey but you sort of expect that. Good selection of drink and food. The venue was fantastic and the staff were all very courteous and helpful (even managed to get a free upgrade). My only gripe is that once you entered the arena(went through the security checks) you aren't allowed to leave and come back i.e for a smoke, I feel this information should be clearly posted so smokers don't go nuts.... Other than that was brilliant and I can't wait for my next trip! Show more Show less Joshua 10 Brilliant have been there on numerous occasions, for live... Brilliant have been there on numerous occasions, for live concerts, has places to eat an shops in the main square of it. Near to the railway station and bus station, so easy access, a short walk to the arena. Show more Show less christine United Kingdom 6.0 This is a huge arena - be careful where you sit as some of... This is a huge arena - be careful where you sit as some of the seats are a long way from the stage. Don't even think of driving there - use public transport but expect a certain amount of walking to get to and from it. Show more Show less PearCider United Kingdom 10 as a music, fan I'm a regular here fantastic music venue. as a music, fan I'm a regular here fantastic music venue. the indigo is also amazing good variety of restaurants though it can be busy when there is a gig on then....book in advance with the shopping there now it is a great plcae to go Show more Show less anniebryn United Kingdom 2.0 Security check in process took an hour. Security check in process took an hour. Got there at 6.30 doors opening and only just made it to our seats when the support band came on at 7.30 to a mainly empty auditorium. Seats in 400 blocks are very high and very steep. My wife clapsed into her seat after we had made it up row J and felt ill for the whole concert. Several others around us were helped out due to feeling ill. When booking tickets the O2 should really make you aware these seats are not suitable for anyone who easily gets dizzy and they should also open the doors earlier in view of the entrance security. Show more Show less Barry United Kingdom 6.0 People with walking difficulties should be advised that 1... People with walking difficulties should be advised that 1 entrance in to the o2 is all there is and you must walk around inside to get to your seats no mobility assistance was available as far as I know Show more Show less Dave United Kingdom People are talking about O2 Arena! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "O2 Arena" See all The Pilot Inn Greenwich, London From CAD 168 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,407 reviews We found everything was amazing i stayed here on the 29th of november 2023 to go to the O2 arena we was in room one and had no problems at all staff was amazing and facilitys was also great. Breakfast was amazing and room clean and tidy, 1000% loved our stay and when i return to the O2 i will defo be staying again no questions about that room was £269 for the night for couple but for being 10mins from the O2 defo waa worth every penny, can not fault the stay in anyway thank you so much jack and amy. Show more Show less Jack Blundell United Kingdom Sunborn London Yacht Hotel Hotel in Newham, London From CAD 258 per night 8.2 Very good 5,040 reviews The gentleman at reception was friendly and welcoming, unfortunately I don't know his name. The room is spacious and well appointed, in fact quite luxurious. The location is ideal for the O2 Arena and the breakfast was very good with a wide selection of options. It is unique and I would recommend that you give it a try. Show more Show less Dugal United Kingdom Phoenix Heights Tower Hamlets, London From CAD 169 per night 9.2 Superb 64 reviews Lovely little room and bathroom, perfect for what we needed after going to a gig at the O2 arena perfect location, met one of the owners who was really lovely and friendly, check in so easy and simple! Great view of the shard and london eye too. Really close to underground station (dlr & jubilee line) very handy Show more Show less liv United Kingdom Holiday Inn Express London Greenwich, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Greenwich, London From CAD 121 per night 7.8 Good 6,771 reviews There was a good selection for breakfast. Great location for visiting the O2 arena. Windows blocked out the noise of traffic really well Show more Show less Cook United Kingdom Radisson Blu Edwardian New Providence Wharf Hotel, London Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London From CAD 245 per night 8.8 Fabulous 6,330 reviews The room location with the view of the Thames River and the O2 Arena was magnificent. Friendly staff and facilities like gym, spa, etc. Show more Show less July South Africa Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights from London to London Need to book flights for your trip? Find and compare prices for this and other popular routes right here on Booking.com. Hotels near King's Cross St Pancras For easy access to local transport options. Hotels near St Pancras Railway Station For easy access to local transport options. Car hire in London Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels near London Heathrow Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near London Gatwick Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near ExCeL Exhibition Centre Wondering what else is there to see near O2 Arena? ExCeL Exhibition Centre is a popular choice, with many hotels nearby. Hotels near Tower Bridge Places to stay near another famous landmark. Hotels in Ilford Find more hotels in a city close to O2 Arena. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870070,1871440