The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Sydney, Australia - Sydney hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Sydney Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Sydney hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Australia New South Wales Sydney Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Sydney – 446 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Shangri-La Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Wake up to breathtaking views of the iconic Sydney Opera House, the Harbour Bridge or Darling Harbour each morning. Show more 8.2 Very good 9,840 reviews Price fromCAD 385.70per night Check availability ibis budget Sydney Airport Hotel in Mascot, Sydney Ibis budget Sydney Airport is located just 10 minutes’ walk from the domestic terminal and railway station, and a 10-minute drive from the international terminal. Show more 6.6 Pleasant 10,880 reviews Price fromCAD 124.68per night Check availability The Grace Hotel Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Close to the Sydney Harbour Bridge and Sydney Opera House, The Grace Hotel offers luxury rooms and a rooftop fitness centre with an indoor swimming pool and a sauna. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 12,124 reviews Price fromCAD 227.83per night Check availability Hyatt Regency Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney A Premium, Waterside Retreat in Sydney Located adjacent to Darling Harbour in Sydney's Central Business District (CBD), the newly renovated hotel is a haven of relaxation for the business or leisure... Show more 8.2 Very good 7,047 reviews Price fromCAD 271.50per night Check availability Rydges Sydney Airport Hotel Hotel in Mascot, Sydney Rydges Sydney Airport is taking hospitality to new heights. We are located a mere 181 steps from the International Terminal Check-in desks, an easy 15-minutes to Sydney’s CBD and the only hotel with... Show more 8.2 Very good 9,386 reviews Price fromCAD 295.11per night Check availability The Ultimo Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney The Ultimo features modern accommodation in the vibrant Chinatown district. Show more 8.1 Very good 3,784 reviews Price fromCAD 136.34per night Check availability Crowne Plaza Sydney Coogee Beach, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Coogee, Sydney Crowne Plaza Sydney Coogee Beach offers an iconic beachside retreat in Sydney. Show more 8.4 Very good 2,112 reviews Price fromCAD 287.04per night Check availability Meriton Suites Pitt Street, Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Located in the heart of Sydney CBD (Central Business District), Meriton Suites Pitt Street, Sydney offers 178 luxurious modern suites. Show more 7.5 Good 2,611 reviews Price fromCAD 170.43per night Check availability SKYE Hotel Suites Parramatta Hotel in Parramatta, Sydney Boasting a 3-storey atrium hotel lobby, a 25-metre outdoor lap pool, fitness centre and a contemporary restaurant, SKYE Hotel Suites Parramatta is located in the heart of Parramatta CBD. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 2,320 reviews Price fromCAD 306.77per night Check availability ibis budget Sydney East Hotel in Darlinghurst, Sydney Located in the heart of Kings Cross, ibis budget Sydney East offers budget accommodation just 10 minutes’ walk from Hyde Park, Oxford Street and the Australian Museum. Show more 7.3 Good 2,103 reviews Price fromCAD 151.59per night Check availability See all 628 hotels in Sydney Most booked hotels in Sydney in the past month See all ibis budget Sydney Airport Hotel in Mascot, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 6.6 Pleasant · 10,878 reviews Hyatt Regency Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 8.2 Very good · 7,047 reviews The Grace Hotel Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 8.6 Fabulous · 12,123 reviews Shangri-La Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 8.2 Very good · 9,840 reviews Meriton Suites George Street, Parramatta Hotel in Parramatta, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 8.5 Very good · 3,492 reviews Travelodge Hotel Sydney Airport Hotel in Mascot, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 8.3 Very good · 12,057 reviews Mercure Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 7.9 Good · 4,879 reviews Metro Hotel Marlow Sydney Central Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 7.1 Good · 4,514 reviews Rydges Sydney Airport Hotel Hotel in Mascot, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 8.2 Very good · 9,380 reviews Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Popular with guests booking hotels in Sydney 8.9 Fabulous · 6,144 reviews Sydney's best hotels with breakfast See all Park Hyatt Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Breakfast options Park Hyatt Sydney perfectly personifies contemporary luxury with its coveted location between the Sydney Opera House and Harbour Bridge. The location, breakfast quality and the efficient housekeeping. Avg. price/night: CAD 1,166.08 9.0 Superb · 375 reviews The Langham Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Breakfast options Just 5 minutes’ walk from Darling Harbour, The Langham Sydney offers luxurious accommodation with panoramic city or bay views. It features a day spa, a tennis court and a hot tub. Great location,spacious room and very comfortable bed Avg. price/night: CAD 530.12 9.1 Superb · 779 reviews Aiden by Best Western Darling Harbour Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Breakfast options Conveniently located in the centre of Sydney, Aiden by Best Western Darling Harbour offers free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a tour desk. Clean, quite spacious, great location, comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 200.93 8.7 Fabulous · 1,771 reviews Crowne Plaza Sydney Burwood, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Burwood, Sydney Breakfast options Set in Sydney, 5.7 km from ANZ Stadium, Crowne Plaza Sydney Burwood, an IHG Hotel offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Brekky was excellent, staff were friendly & helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 193.75 8.2 Very good · 1,452 reviews Holiday Inn Express Sydney Airport, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Mascot, Sydney Breakfast options Located in Sydney, Holiday Inn Express Sydney Airport provides accommodation with a restaurant, private parking, a bar and a shared lounge. It's location next to the Domestic Airport Terminal. Avg. price/night: CAD 188.37 8.2 Very good · 4,480 reviews Vibe Hotel Sydney Darling Harbour Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Breakfast options Vibe Hotel Sydney Darling Harbour features an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre, a terrace and restaurant in Sydney. This 4-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. Good location, nice friendly staff, very good meals Avg. price/night: CAD 225.14 8.4 Very good · 4,044 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Sydney, Central Park Hotel in Chippendale, Sydney Breakfast options Located in the heart of Central Park, 15 minutes' walk from Darling Harbour, ICC Sydney, Chinatown and Sydney CBD (Central Business District), Four Points by Sheraton Sydney, Central Park offers 297... Was close to everything we needed and easy to access Avg. price/night: CAD 205.41 8.5 Very good · 1,040 reviews West Hotel Sydney, Curio Collection by Hilton Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Breakfast options Located within a 5-minute walk from Barangaroo, West Hotel Sydney, Curio Collection by Hilton is a boutique hotel surrounded by a variety of restaurants, cafes, bars and shops. Breakfast was delicious will book again when in city Avg. price/night: CAD 238.64 8.4 Very good · 1,165 reviews Budget hotels in Sydney See all Travelodge Hotel Hurstville Sydney Hotel in Sydney Budget Hotel Set in Sydney and with Central Station Sydney reachable within 16 km, Travelodge Hotel Hurstville Sydney offers a restaurant, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi and a bar. Great stay for the money in Sydney. Can’t fault it. Avg. price/night: CAD 151.73 8.8 Fabulous · 2,199 reviews Quality Inn Sunshine Haberfield Hotel in Sydney Budget Hotel Located in Sydney, 7.5 km from Central Station Sydney, Quality Inn Sunshine Haberfield provides accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Big comfy bed. Windows you could open to let air in. Avg. price/night: CAD 144.50 8.4 Very good · 1,174 reviews Megaboom City Hotel Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Budget Hotel Just a 1-minute walk from the Queen Victoria Building (QVB), Megaboom City Hotel is located in the heart of Sydney CBD. Very friendly staff, great location and nice clean room. Avg. price/night: CAD 126.74 8.2 Very good · 3,018 reviews Penshurst Hotel Hotel in Sydney Budget Hotel Located in Sydney, 15 km from ANZ Stadium, Penshurst Hotel provides accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers an ATM and free WiFi. clean, staff were so helpful . easy checkin process Avg. price/night: CAD 107.37 8.0 Very good · 319 reviews Darcy's Hotel Hotel in Sydney Budget Hotel Situated in Sydney, within 3.6 km of Bicentennial Park and 4.2 km of Sydney Showground, Darcy's Hotel features accommodation with a garden and free WiFi throughout the property as well as free private... I felt safe and the room was so clean and comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 125.58 8.6 Fabulous · 792 reviews Blues Point Hotel Hotel in McMahons Point, Sydney Budget Hotel Featuring a terrace, a restaurant as well as a bar, Blues Point Hotel is located in Sydney, 1 km from Luna Park Sydney. Good customer service and the area was very good and quite. Avg. price/night: CAD 125.58 8.4 Very good · 82 reviews Sydney RiseOn Hotel Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Budget Hotel Our newly refurbished hotel has opened from October 2023. Located next to Central Station, Sydney RiseOn Hotel Sydney offers modern rooms with flat-screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities,... Spacious and Clean Tidy Room , Location is 10/10 Avg. price/night: CAD 108.98 8.3 Very good · 93 reviews ibis Budget - Enfield Hotel in Sydney Budget Hotel ibis budget Enfield is located alongside the Strathfield Golf Course, a 5-minute drive from Sydney Olympic Park. It offers free parking and rooms with a flat-screen TV and private bathroom. Loved the location, it was excellent value for money. Avg. price/night: CAD 85.21 7.1 Good · 1,863 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Sydney See all Roar And Snore Hotel in Mosman, Sydney Central location Located in Sydney and with Athol Beach reachable within 700 metres, Roar And Snore provides a garden, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a terrace. 9.2 Superb · 12 reviews QT Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Central location Just 2 minutes’ walk from Hyde Park and Pitt Street Mall, QT Sydney offers a restaurant, bar, cafe and day spa. Breakfast was excellent. The staff were exceptional Avg. price/night: CAD 321.12 8.9 Fabulous · 2,443 reviews SKYE Suites Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Central location Located in the heart of Sydney CBD (Central Business District), on Kent Street, SKYE Suites Sydney offers 73, designer boutique suites. Great location. Less than 5min walk to darling harbour Avg. price/night: CAD 403.64 8.9 Fabulous · 2,845 reviews Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Central location Boasting a swimming pool and free WiFi, the Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel in Sydney CBD (Central Business District), is just 15 minutes' walk from Circular Quay, where you can visit the Sydney Opera House... Staff very polite and helpful. Highly recommend it. Avg. price/night: CAD 298.70 8.9 Fabulous · 6,144 reviews Mary MacKillop Place Hotel in North Sydney, Sydney Central location Mary Mackillop Place is located in the heart of North Sydney, within a 10-minute drive of Sydney Harbour Bridge and the world renowned Sydney Opera House. Free WiFi access is available. spacious, friendly staff, excellent in all respects Avg. price/night: CAD 204.51 8.9 Fabulous · 679 reviews The Fullerton Hotel Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Central location Located in Sydney CBD (Central Business District), next to bustling Martin Place, The Fullerton Hotel Sydney features an à la carte restaurant, a bar and access to a fitness centre. Spacious public seating areas and bar/ restaurant Avg. price/night: CAD 331.89 8.8 Fabulous · 6,471 reviews Kimpton Margot Sydney, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Central location Experience Sydney's most exquisite premium boutique hotel located in the pulsing heart of the CBD with an Art-Deco charm and contemporary sensibility. It was very modern and had nice finishing touches. Avg. price/night: CAD 297.89 8.8 Fabulous · 605 reviews Ace Hotel Sydney Hotel in Sydney CBD, Sydney Central location Ace Hotel Sydney has free bikes, fitness centre, a restaurant and bar in Sydney. With free WiFi, this 5-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. I didn’t have breakfast but we really like the hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 295.11 8.8 Fabulous · 1,396 reviews FAQs about hotels in Sydney How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Sydney? On average, 3-star hotels in Sydney cost CAD 159 per night, and 4-star hotels in Sydney are CAD 236 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Sydney can on average be found for CAD 347 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Sydney for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Sydney this weekend is CAD 340 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 390. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Sydney for this weekend cost on average around CAD 558 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Sydney for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 200 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Sydney for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 329 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Sydney will cost around CAD 553 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Sydney are good for families? Many families visiting Sydney loved staying at Capella Sydney, Medusa Hotel Sydney and 202 Elizabeth. What are the best hotels in Sydney near Sydney Opera House? Some of the best hotels in Sydney near Sydney Opera House include Park Hyatt Sydney, Capella Sydney and Pullman Quay Grand Sydney Harbour. What are the best hotels in Sydney near Kingsford Smith Airport? Travellers who stayed in Sydney near Kingsford Smith Airport (SYD) have said good things about Rydges Sydney Airport Hotel, Holiday Inn Express Sydney Airport, an IHG Hotel and Travelodge Hotel Sydney Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Sydney? Wildlife Retreat at Taronga, The Darling at The Star and Little National Hotel Sydney are some of the popular hotels in Sydney. What hotels in Sydney offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Sydney that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Capella Sydney, Spicers Potts Point and Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel Sydney. What hotels in Sydney are good for couples? These hotels in Sydney are highly rated by couples: Capella Sydney, Wildlife Retreat at Taronga and Spicers Potts Point. What hotels in Sydney have nice views? Wildlife Retreat at Taronga, The Sebel Quay West Suites Sydney and Four Seasons Hotel Sydney have received great reviews from travellers in Sydney regarding the views from their hotel rooms. From Beaches to Business, Sydney Has It All From the glitz and glamour of the Star City Casino and trendy King Street Wharf in Darling Harbour to the waves of the Northern beaches, Sydney is full of great restaurants, bars and shopping. Sail under the iconic Harbour Bridge on a ferry and take in a world class performance at the Sydney Opera House. Circular Quay is also home to the exquisite waterside Botanical Gardens and the Museum of Contemporary Art. The Sydney Tower is the highest point on the skyline and offers a restaurant with panoramic views. Whether it's the quirky King Street in Newtown or the elegance of the Woollahra, travelling outside of the centre uncovers each suburb's distinct flavour. The famous Bondi Beach is the starting point of a walk along the cliffs to the equally photogenic beaches of Bronte and Cooggee. Sydney’s Kingsford Smith International Airport is the main gateway to this New South Wales capital, and only a short distance from the city centre. From a dorm bed in King’s Cross to a 5-star, serviced apartment in the central business district, Booking.com will ensure you don’t miss the excitement in this dynamic city down under. Learn more about visiting Sydney 200 attractions 143 points of interest 58 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Sydney: 10 I want to advise you that I wrote to Meriton complaining... I want to advise you that I wrote to Meriton complaining that we had been canceled even though my booking was confirmed and my credit card accepted. I received a response which was very sympathetic. However they pointed out it was your error in overbooking. I am deeply disappointed as the cancellation of our booking as we were about to check in caused great distress. We had to find alternative accommodation late on a Saturday night in Sydney which was impossible. We had been on a flight which was cancelled whilst we were sitting on the tarmac and then left to our own devices to find accommodation for the night Joh Sulan John Australia 10 Sydney exceeded expections, the Opera House and the Bridge,... Sydney exceeded expections, the Opera House and the Bridge, were both better than expected. Take the ferry to Manley and elsewhere, the harbour trips are great and very economical. Don't miss the botanic gardens Janet United Kingdom 10 The hotel was very clean & organised. The hotel was very clean & organised. The staff were amazing. I had mentioned our was our wedding anniversary when checking in and within 20 mins a lovely staff member had brought a card and bottle of bubbly up to the room for us - free of charge. They then delivered a relaxing pillow mist & chocolates to our room in the early evening. We loved the personal touches & kind gestures from the hotel. Kylie 8.0 Have been to Sydney many times but it was lovely to have... Have been to Sydney many times but it was lovely to have stayed in Potts point rather than the CBD for a change. Would recommend city centre for first timers and staying further out to explore the suburbs also. So much to do in Sydney Spencer 10 Stayed in the heart of The Rocks. Stayed in the heart of The Rocks. Access to Circular Quay and cafes / restaurants was amazing. Was able to walk around to the Opera House, catch a ferry to Manly and walked across the harbour bridge. Andrew Australia 10 Having lived in Sydney for many years, it is great to come... Having lived in Sydney for many years, it is great to come back for a short visit although taken up with business purposed. Travellers need to become very aware of standard of properties especially in the Eastern Suburbs as some are below standard. van der Horst Explore guest reviews of hotels in Sydney See all Rydges Sydney Harbour Sydney CBD, Sydney 7.7 Good · 3,790 reviews LOCATION. The Rydges Sydney Harbour is located in a heritage like area so do not expect it to be all glass and shiny. Its quite rustic and gives chill vibes away from the hustle and bustle of Sydney CBD which is a fifteen minute walk. You can see the harbour bridge outside your window if you get a good view, it’s a 2-3 minute walk to a cafe/restaurant and luxury brand shopping (Sydney galleria DFS) and 5 minute walk to the circular quay station. Take train from international airport to circular quay ($18.31-$19). 100% would stay again. Khristian New Zealand ibis budget Sydney Airport Mascot, Sydney From CAD 124.68 per night 6.6 Pleasant · 10,878 reviews We had booked this room online via booking.com for our 20 year-old son who was at Sydney Airport but could not do it himself as he did not have a phone there. The hotel itself was fine, but what we really liked was the front-desk person who went above and beyond when I called at (local time) 3:00am and requested a wake-up call for my son. He said that there were no phones in the rooms, but that he would personally go and knock on the door and wake our son so that he would not miss his 6:00am flight to Brisbane - and he did. Kudos! Chris United States The Sydney Boulevard Hotel Woolloomooloo, Sydney From CAD 193.75 per night 8.0 Very good · 1,891 reviews Excellent location - very close to CBD for shopping, Opera house and Quay, Botanic Gardens and Gallery, and the other way loads of amazing restaurants around Darlinghurst and the Cross. Bed extremely comfortable. Surprised to have great view including harbour in the distance. Fixtures and fittings a little old and tired but all was exceptionally clean. Not a high-end hotel but perfectly fit the bill for us - mum and daughter in Sydney for the ballet, shopping, and nice dinners. I will stay there again. Alison Australia Grand Hotel Sydney Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 170.43 per night 6.4 Pleasant · 705 reviews Fantastic location - quick walk to circular quay, darling harbour, cbd restaurants nightlife. Rooms were spacious for pub rooms. It is an old hotel, so the facilities were quite old, (esp the lift) but it all worked, and the rooms were spacious. Shared bathrooms and toilets - quite big, never saw anyone else. One room was noisy one night, and staff attended to it immediately. Staff were really friendly, and happy to give advice on restaurants etc in the area. Totally recommend. Thank you 😊 Gabrielle Australia Crowne Plaza Sydney Darling Harbour, an IHG Hotel Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 286.14 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,871 reviews The hotel team went above and beyond to make my stay comfortable amidst COVID. The hotel is beautifully designed and the team retained it's sophistication and a superior quality service despite the rest of the CBD being quieter than usual. I felt very safe and thoroughly enjoyed my stay, which exceeded my experience at other hotels in the CBD. The pool is stunning and a great bonus at the end of the day. Thanks for everything. I really appreciated it. Anne Australia Establishment Hotel Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 382.12 per night 8.4 Very good · 778 reviews Beautiful room, great layout, very spacious and lovely decor. Very comfortable stay. Excellent value for money considering surrounding hotels with similar pricing at almost half the size with limited facilities. Being able to order room service easily from the iPad from surrounding Merivale venues was fantastic. Welcoming staff and very quick and efficient checkout. One of the better hotels in Sydney CBD, will definitely be back. Nat Australia YEHS Hotel Sydney CBD Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 185.99 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 4,148 reviews Centrally located hotel in Sydney CBD with friendly staff. The room was nice, there was a mini fridge and bed was comfortable and linens were nice. WiFi was very good. Hotel is walking distance to many restaurants, cafes and bars. A few blocks from Museum Station and Town Hall Station so can take the train to many places - easy travel from airport. Can also take 333 bus to Bondi Beach. Catherine United States Swissotel Sydney Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 291.14 per night 8.2 Very good · 3,335 reviews This hotel is located close to both Circular Quay (15 min walk or 5 min train on George Street) and Darling Harbour (10 min walk). It’s also a short walk from the train stop coming in from the airport. It was a good sized room, clean and well equipped. Be aware that the lobby to this hotel is located on the 8th floor by lift. You then take another lift to your room. Theresa Canada Citadines Connect Sydney Airport Mascot, Sydney From CAD 183.88 per night 8.5 Very good · 7,837 reviews Lovely staff, very helpful and jovial. Fabulous bed, so comfy with good sheets. Amenities looked amazing, although as we only stayed overnight we couldn't take full advantage of the cocktail lounge 😞 Super view of the airport and great sound proofing 👌🏾couldn't hear noise from corridor outside room. Good iron and hairdryer, not cheap and nasty like most hotels. Tegan Australia Little National Hotel Sydney Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 241.29 per night 9.2 Superb · 4,452 reviews The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The roof top bar and office area is fantastic - free coffee and water all day long, a beautiful place to hang out and start or end your day in Sydney. The room itself is beautifully designed and the bed was amazing. When we got there, cleanliness of the room was fine. Martina Germany Adina Apartment Hotel Sydney Airport Mascot, Sydney From CAD 217.16 per night 8.5 Very good · 3,296 reviews It's one of several reasonably close hotels to the domestic airport so it serves that purpose well. They have a shuttle which was on time. It's clean and comfortable and made an early flight possible. It's a short walk from Mascot Station which is very convenient. Stuart Australia Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 304.08 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 2,381 reviews 1. Breathtaking atmosphere from heritage style of building 2. Very good location for those tourist from inside or outside of Australia to explore sydney CBD 3. Bigger room compare to other hotels in Sydney(based on delux room) 4. Reasonable room fare jaehwan Australia The Grace Hotel Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 227.83 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 12,123 reviews Beautiful rooms in a beautiful old building. Everything was so clean. The beds were super comfortable. A massive bathroom is always nice. Parking on site is a nice rarity when it comes to CBD-located hotels. Room service meals were a tasty treat. Troy Australia Novotel Sydney International Airport Sydney From CAD 199.13 per night 7.8 Good · 1,990 reviews Novotel Sydney Airport Hotel is very close and handy to the Airport, Wolli Train Station and Woolworth Supermarket. The Hotel Breakfast is adequate and the restaurant is well catered for. The Housekeeping lets this Hotel down. Bryan New Zealand YHA Sydney Harbour Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 177.60 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 4,130 reviews Location excellent. My room was amazing - better than some 4 star hotels. Wonderful harbour views. Quiet too which was lovely. It also felt safe. Brilliant place to stay. Deborah United Kingdom Great Southern Hotel Sydney Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 133.65 per night 7.9 Good · 8,209 reviews Close to Central Station to get to the airport early in the morning. Easy walk to Chinatown and CBD shopping. Didn’t eat in the restaurant/bar but it looked good. A Anonymous Australia Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel Sydney Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 298.70 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 6,144 reviews Good business hotel in Sydney CBD, very well located as next to main office buildings, tourist spots and services such as bars and restaurants Emanuele Italy Meriton Suites North Ryde North Ryde, Sydney From CAD 143.52 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 1,977 reviews The convenience of the big shopping mall next door, my wife loved it, the hotels carpark and easy access driving to the CBD and back. Paul K Australia The Tank Stream Sydney Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 235.73 per night 8.5 Very good · 2,727 reviews Excellent location in Sydney CBD, you can see the Sydney Harbour Bridge from the front of the hotel. Stephanie United States PARKROYAL Darling Harbour, Sydney Sydney CBD, Sydney From CAD 282.55 per night 8.3 Very good · 3,832 reviews Breakfast was very tasty. Bed comfortable. The hotel is close to the CBD and Darling Harbour. Robyn New Zealand Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hostels in Sydney Explore more great accommodation options in Sydney, starting with hostels. Serviced Apartments in Sydney More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Sydney More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Sydney CBD Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Darling Harbour Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Things to do in Sydney How will you spend your time in the city? Flights from London to Sydney Find and compare the best flights for your trip to Sydney right here on Booking.com. Hotels in Sydney Region Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in New South Wales Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Sydney Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380,1871440,1870380|3,1846890,1870380|8,1847760|3,1866460,1847760,1833870