The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Rome, Italy - Rome hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Rome Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Rome hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Italy Lazio Rome Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Rome – 4,078 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Hive Hotel Hotel in Central Station, Rome Featuring a shared rooftop terrace, The Hive Hotel is 300 metres from Santa Maria Maggiore Basilica. The hotel provides free WiFi throughout and air-conditioned rooms. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 5,973 reviews Price fromCAD 157.89per night Check availability Hotel Milton Roma Hotel in Central Station, Rome Set in an 18th-century building just metres from Rome's Manzoni Metro, Hotel Milton Roma offers elegant rooms with parquet floors, free high-speed WiFi at 300 Mbit, and a garden lounge bar. Show more 8.0 Very good 6,190 reviews Price fromCAD 199.12per night Check availability Best Western Premier Hotel Royal Santina Hotel in Central Station, Rome This property offers a Special Protection Program, a strict program of precise safeguards dedicated to our guests and our staff. Show more 8.5 Very good 3,297 reviews Price fromCAD 278.28per night Check availability Hotel Villa San Pio Hotel in Aventino, Rome Hotel Villa San Pio is located on Rome's green Aventine Hill. Made up of 3 separate villas, and quiet gardens. The elegant rooms feature wood floors and decorative walls. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 3,781 reviews Price fromCAD 161.11per night Check availability Hotel Giolli Nazionale Hotel in Rione Monti, Rome Hotel Giolli offers large rooms with Wi-Fi access, friendly service, and a 24-hour front desk. It is located on Via Nazionale, a short walk from Roma Termini Railway Station. Show more 8.1 Very good 6,072 reviews Price fromCAD 179.32per night Check availability Tree Charme Parliament Boutique Hotel Hotel in Spagna, Rome Situated in Rome and with Piazza Navona reachable within 600 metres, Tree Charme Parliament Boutique Hotel features concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi throughout the... Show more 8.8 Fabulous 2,451 reviews Price fromCAD 240.05per night Check availability The Cross Hotel Hotel in Central Station, Rome Offering a quiet yet central location, this 3-star hotel is set in a 19th century villa, 8 minutes' walk from St. John Lateran Basilica. Show more 8.4 Very good 4,048 reviews Price fromCAD 106.77per night Check availability Best Western Hotel President - Colosseo Hotel in Central Station, Rome This property offers a Special Protection Program, a strict program of precise safeguards dedicated to our guests and our staff. Show more 8.3 Very good 2,839 reviews Price fromCAD 194.80per night Check availability Augusta Lucilla Palace Hotel in Central Station, Rome Augusta Lucilla Palace offers elegant and air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen satellite TVs and free WiFi throughout. Show more 8.3 Very good 3,682 reviews Price fromCAD 107.94per night Check availability Hotel Serena Hotel in Central Station, Rome Hotel Serena is set within walking distance of Termini Railway Station, which is just around the corner. The area offers many typical restaurants. Show more 7.6 Good 4,504 reviews Price fromCAD 131.82per night Check availability See all 6138 hotels in Rome Most booked hotels in Rome in the past month See all Hotel Cristoforo Colombo Hotel in Torrino, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 8.1 Very good · 7,647 reviews Hotel American Palace Eur Hotel in Eur, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 8.4 Very good · 5,193 reviews Madison Hotel Hotel in Central Station, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 7.3 Good · 3,603 reviews Hotel Quirinale Hotel in Central Station, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 8.0 Very good · 4,763 reviews Hotel Milton Roma Hotel in Central Station, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 8.0 Very good · 6,188 reviews Occidental Aran Park Hotel in Giuliano-Dalmata, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 7.4 Good · 3,586 reviews Hotel Sant'Angelo Hotel in Vaticano Prati, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 7.5 Good · 1,304 reviews The Hive Hotel Hotel in Central Station, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 8.6 Fabulous · 5,973 reviews Ibis Roma Fiera Hotel in Magliana Vecchia, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 7.6 Good · 4,547 reviews Exe International Palace Hotel in Rione Monti, Rome Popular with guests booking hotels in Rome 7.8 Good · 3,871 reviews Rome's best hotels with breakfast See all Parlamento Boutique Hotel Hotel in Spagna, Rome Breakfast options Parlamento Boutique Hotel is located in Rome's Spagna district, housed in a 17th-century building. It is 300 metres from Via Condotti and 300 metres from Trevi Fountain. Location, Location, Location… Room & facilities were great Avg. price/night: CAD 269.49 9.0 Superb · 1,178 reviews Princeps Boutique Hotel Hotel in Rione Monti, Rome Breakfast options Set on 1 of the upper floors of a historic building in Rome's Monti district, Princeps Boutique Hotel offers stylish soundproofed rooms with marble bathrooms and free WiFi. Location was central, rooms and facilities were very good. 9.0 Superb · 1,903 reviews Terrace Pantheon Relais Hotel in Pantheon, Rome Breakfast options Just 200 metres from the Pantheon, Terrace Pantheon Relais offers a panoramic terrace and stylish rooms. Piazza Navona is 5 minutes’ walk from the property. fabulous location and the friendliness of the staff Avg. price/night: CAD 340.94 9.2 Superb · 1,050 reviews HT6 Hotel Roma Hotel in Pantheon, Rome Breakfast options Set in a historical building in the Roman Ghetto area, HT6 Hotel Roma offers stylish rooms with parquet floors and free WiFi throughout. The Great Synagogue of Rome is 50 metres from the property. very nice service!!! nice place, nice location!!!! Avg. price/night: CAD 235.81 9.2 Superb · 1,606 reviews Argentina Residenza Style Hotel Hotel in Pantheon, Rome Breakfast options Located in the heart of Rome, Argentina Residenza Style Hotel is just a 5-minute walk from the Pantheon and Piazza Navona square. great location very friendly staff and clean rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 257.01 9.0 Superb · 1,622 reviews iQ Hotel Roma Hotel in Central Station, Rome Breakfast options Free Wi-Fi and flat-screen satellite TV are standard in all iQ rooms. This modern hotel offers a free gym, sauna and rooftop terrace, 5 minutes' walk from Termini Train Station. The hotel is very well located very good breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 272.42 9.2 Superb · 1,492 reviews San Anselmo Hotel in Aventino, Rome Breakfast options Set in the chic residential Aventino area of Rome, San Anselmo is a 19th-century villa with garden, where breakfast is served in fine weather. L’hotel è splendido e lo staff assolutamente impeccabile. Avg. price/night: CAD 239.03 9.0 Superb · 1,486 reviews Hotel Diocleziano Hotel in Central Station, Rome Breakfast options Offering a free gym with sauna, Hotel Diocleziano is opposite Termini Train Station and next to the Terme di Diocleziano ancient Roman baths. Karen and Francesca were excellent receptionists thank you Avg. price/night: CAD 213.84 9.1 Superb · 2,218 reviews Budget hotels in Rome See all B&B Hotel Roma San Lorenzo Termini Hotel in San Lorenzo, Rome Budget Hotel Situated in Rome, within 15 minutes' walk of Termini Station, B&B Hotel Roma San Lorenzo Termini features free WiFi throughout. Comfortable hotel with helpful staff for good money Avg. price/night: CAD 137.62 8.7 Fabulous · 1,452 reviews Casa Piccole Ancelle di Cristo Re Hotel in Aurelio, Rome Budget Hotel Offering a restaurant, Casa Piccole Ancelle di Cristo Re is located in Rome, along Via Aurelia main road. Free WiFi access is available in all rooms. Good location, good breakfast, very nice personal. Avg. price/night: CAD 124.49 8.1 Very good · 2,759 reviews Hotel Sisto V Hotel in Rome Budget Hotel Hotel Sisto V is opposite Gemelli Train Station, a 5-minute walk from the Policlinico Gemelli hospital, and within easy reach of the Olimpico Stadium and the Vatican City. Close to train station. Staff friendly & helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 131.45 8.1 Very good · 1,435 reviews Grand Hotel Tiberio Hotel in Trionfale, Rome Budget Hotel The Tiberio is located in the Balduina residential district, a 20-minute walk from the Vatican Museums. Clean, nice hotel, Rooms were quiet and good sized. Avg. price/night: CAD 128.89 8.1 Very good · 2,132 reviews c-hotels Club House Roma Hotel in Aurelio, Rome Budget Hotel Hotel Club House Roma is in a quiet area, 100 metres from Rome's Cornelia Metro Station and 3 stops from the Vatican City. Rooms offer air conditioning, free WiFi and satellite TV. Welcome from staff, quality of fittings and finish in bedrooms Avg. price/night: CAD 101.06 8.4 Very good · 5,439 reviews Hotel Cristoforo Colombo Hotel in Torrino, Rome Budget Hotel Cristoforo Colombo is set in Rome's EUR district, next to Euroma2 shopping centre and close to Rome's GRA ring road. The hotel offers free WiFi throughout and parking and a free seasonal outdoor pool. I was not an option given because it was a 1 night stay. Avg. price/night: CAD 112.78 8.1 Very good · 7,643 reviews Casa per Ferie Suore Domenicane Hotel in Rome Budget Hotel Set in Rome, 1.3 km from San Giovanni Metro Station, Casa per Ferie Suore Domenicane offers accommodation with a garden, private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. Good place to stay at quiet part of centre of Rome. 8.2 Very good · 805 reviews Hampton By Hilton Rome East Hotel in Rome Budget Hotel Set a 20-minute drive from Rome city centre, Hampton By Hilton Rome Easts boasts a restaurant specialising in international cuisine and a bar. easy access off motorway and near Campiano airport Avg. price/night: CAD 123.95 8.1 Very good · 888 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Rome See all Maalot Roma - Small Luxury Hotels of the World Hotel in Trevi, Rome Central location Conveniently set in Rome, Maalot Roma - Small Luxury Hotels of the World provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. stuff friendliness, professionalism, readiness to help Avg. price/night: CAD 659.09 9.6 Exceptional · 460 reviews Umiltà 36 Hotel in Trevi, Rome Central location Featuring a fitness centre, a restaurant as well as a bar, Umiltà 36 is located in the centre of Rome, 500 metres from Piazza Venezia. everything was perfect and exceeded my expectations Avg. price/night: CAD 812.87 9.5 Exceptional · 873 reviews Singer Palace Hotel Hotel in Pantheon, Rome Central location Boasting a rooftop restaurant, Singer Palace Hotel is located right on the famous Via del Corso shopping Street. Set 350 metres from Trevi Fountain, the property offers air-conditioned rooms. We loved this hotel. we loved everything about it! Avg. price/night: CAD 732.32 9.4 Superb · 510 reviews AT 41 Hotel in Central Station, Rome Central location Conveniently situated in the centre of Rome, AT 41 provides free WiFi throughout the property and a shared lounge. Great hotel, nice service, good location, very clean Avg. price/night: CAD 195.43 9.4 Superb · 124 reviews Nerva Boutique Hotel Hotel in Rione Monti, Rome Central location Nerva is a Boutique Hotel with 20 rooms and suites located in the heart of the Rome’s historical city center. Room is very cosy and nice interior and very well designed Avg. price/night: CAD 276.82 9.3 Superb · 416 reviews AT FORTY-ONE Hotel in Central Station, Rome Central location In a prime location in the centre of Rome, AT FORTY-ONE provides free WiFi throughout the property and a shared lounge. clean, fresh and went well and truly above and beyond to support us. Avg. price/night: CAD 195.43 9.3 Superb · 305 reviews Hotel Grifo Hotel in Rione Monti, Rome Central location Set in Rome's central Monti area, Hotel Grifo features a terrace with magnificent city views. Super staff, great location, fresh food, cleannes. 9.2 Superb · 1,559 reviews The Inn At The Roman Forum Hotel in Rione Monti, Rome Central location Situated in the heart of ancient Rome, The Inn at the Roman Forum is within walking distance of the Coliseum and Roman Forum, and actually houses ruins inside the property. WiFi is free throughout. Great location, lovely welcoming staff. It was a fantastic base for our introduction to Rome. Avg. price/night: CAD 449.29 9.1 Superb · 123 reviews FAQs about hotels in Rome How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Rome? On average, 3-star hotels in Rome cost CAD 300 per night, and 4-star hotels in Rome are CAD 408 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Rome can on average be found for CAD 1,235 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Rome for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Rome this weekend is CAD 353 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 427. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Rome for this weekend cost on average around CAD 977 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Rome for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 200 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Rome for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 295 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Rome will cost around CAD 864 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Rome are good for families? Many families visiting Rome loved staying at Roma dei Papi Hotel de Charme, The First Dolce - Preferred Hotels & Resorts and TB Place Roma. What are the best hotels in Rome near The Vatican? Some of the best hotels in Rome near The Vatican include Al Ponte Del Papa B&B, Growel Exclusive Suites San Pietro and La Porta Rossa di Borgo - Vatican Luxury Suite. What are the best hotels in Rome near Fiumicino Airport? Travellers who stayed in Rome near Fiumicino Airport (FCO) have said good things about QC Termeroma Spa and Resort, Sleep'n go Hotel and Seccy Hotel Boutique Art & Museum. What are the best hotels to stay in Rome? Room Mate Filippo, Hotel Damaso and Harry's Bar Trevi Hotel & Restaurant are some of the popular hotels in Rome. What hotels in Rome offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Rome that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try iQ Hotel Roma, Baglioni Hotel Regina - The Leading Hotels of the World and Rossi Hotel. What hotels in Rome are good for couples? These hotels in Rome are highly rated by couples: Room Mate Filippo, Hotel Artemide and Harry's Bar Trevi Hotel & Restaurant. What hotels in Rome have nice views? San Anselmo, Baglioni Hotel Regina - The Leading Hotels of the World and Il Monastero Collection have received great reviews from travellers in Rome regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Discover All the Secrets of the Eternal City With over two and a half thousand years of history and astonishing classical beauty, Rome truly deserves to be called the Eternal City. From the breath-taking Colosseum to the famous Trevi Fountain, Rome has something for every taste. Enjoy a freshly brewed espresso on one of the Rome’s popular piazzas and admire the everlasting beauty of frescoes in the Sistine Chapel. Caravaggio’s paintings in Santa Maria del Popolo are a definite must-see. Rome is also home to the Pantheon, built in 125 AD, the stunning St. Peter’s Basilica as well as another classic, the Roman Forum. Many of the world’s most famous churches, museums and galleries are just around the corner allowing you to have it all. Make sure you explore the popular Trastevere and its cafes and trattorias, sit down on the Spanish Steps or just relax and enjoy Rome’s picturesque and sunny atmosphere. Rome will surely convince you that it is one of Italy’s gems. No matter if you’re looking for a room with a view, a cheap hostel or an over-the-top design hotel, Booking.com offers all of them and more. Close proximity to the Termini Train Station, Fiumicino and Ciampino Airports is included. Learn more about visiting Rome 1725 attractions 145 points of interest 41 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Rome City trip 270,575 reviews Sightseeing 136,034 reviews Food trip 170,420 reviews Road trip 1,806 reviews Romantic 30,348 reviews History & ruins 1,051 reviews What guests said about Rome: 10 Rome fantastic lots to see and do many options for getting... Rome fantastic lots to see and do many options for getting around bus metro taxi trains and walking Always felt safe and reasonable prices if you don’t eat at the tourist attractions Recommend the Glam hotel Sky bar fantastic service and the views are spectacular Joan United Kingdom 8.0 great for a city break. history is so well preserved. food... great for a city break. history is so well preserved. food is great. I loved the Roman forum - far more interesting than the Colosseum (you can't get in earlier than 10minutes before the time on the ticket - don't go earlier, you won't have where to sit and wait, and if it's windy/cold...). the Vatican museum can take an entire day if you like to read and absorb in all you see there (good for a rainy/windy day). very crowded during weekends. S.Peter church adoration prayer - you have to stay till the end - very nice also. a lot of churches to visit - you can go in free of charge. Angelica Romania 8.0 People have been coming to Rome, voluntarily and... People have been coming to Rome, voluntarily and involuntarily, for more than 3000 years. I think that says something. And the food's pretty good. You can't begin to imagine just how much there is to do there. And you get to eat spaghetti 10 different ways at the end of each day. GO! David United States 10 The Eternal City has a lot of history and great sightseeing... The Eternal City has a lot of history and great sightseeing that everyone at least once in his/her lifetime has to enjoy by visiting! Caffè, pizza, pasta, gelato and tiramisù are the tastes that everybody will adore! Σουλα Greece 6.0 Lots to see, random street vendors were so irritating,... Lots to see, random street vendors were so irritating, disappointed in quality of souveniers, and using new ride service recommended from google maps was NOT good....double price, made trip longer. Dont know if guides are really telling truth...depends on their religion or beliefs. Traffc is insane. Cobblestone streets can be dangerous from missing and lose stones, people trip and fall. Heidi 10 Amazing city with beautiful buildings on practically every... Amazing city with beautiful buildings on practically every corner. Lovely to just sit in a square with a drink and watch the world go by. If you are close to a large attraction be careful of the prices, especially coffee. Food is amazing, good quality and good value - so long as you like pizza, pasts and gelato - I mean why else are you in Italy?!! The hop on hop off buses took a long time to arrive, took a long time at each stop and then the traffic just made it a long trip. We took one taxi journey and it cost a fortune. If you can walk, then walk - it's so easy and you see much more. Book tickets online for as many attractions as possible, otherwise you will spend a lot of time waiting in line and may not even get in. There is so much to do and see and so much good food. Will definitely go back! Guitar Man United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Rome See all La Casa Di Amy Central Station, Rome From CAD 160.01 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 1,838 reviews This is my second time in Italy and I always liked to stay close to the central station so the location for this hotel is perfect. The rooms are great, the host left water and other goodies which was such a nice touch! They also have all the facilities you need in the room and they are perfectly clean. But the main point here is the staff. The host was super friendly and went above and beyond to help. I followed all his recommendations and had a perfect experience in Rome. I would definitely recommend this place! Daniela Magali Denmark Ripagrande a Trastevere Trastevere, Rome From CAD 264.95 per night 9.4 Superb · 460 reviews I loved everything about this place. Leaving the property and coming back felt like home. It was quiet yet not right in Rome but accessible to everything and I loved being in the Trastevere neighborhood. Out of the 2 weeks I stayed in Italy and I stayed in many places this was my favorite. Between the terrace, the location, the comfort of the bed and the blackout shades it was just an incredible stay. Fausta the owner is super friendly and accommodating. She even had some amazing desserts in the lounge room. Charlotte United States Rome luxury apartment to Spanish Steps Spagna, Rome 9.2 Superb · 28 reviews Excellent host met us to handover the keys. We only stayed for one night but she gave us a bunch of recommendations for restaurants as well as Chiesa di Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini which is right up the road. I have stayed in quite a few rentals throughout Italy and this was the first without a moka pot, but there was a coffee maker available. For the price I would absolutely stay here again, super convenient to many of the places you'll want to see in Rome. Michael United States Conte House merulana guesthouse Rione Monti, Rome From CAD 128.16 per night 7.8 Good · 883 reviews It was a perfect stay at the middle of the historical city of Rome located within 1 km from Colosseum and just over a km from Roma Termini station. Very clean and comfortable room with a balcony and plenty of air and lights. The AC really can cool down the room unlike most of the hotels of Italy. Both room and toilet looked very well maintained. Bonus point was the nice and helpful behavior of the host. She went beyond our expectations with her helpfulness. Highly recommended. Subharanjan France Domenichino Luxury Home Rione Monti, Rome From CAD 175.76 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 278 reviews I liked the 2 bedrooms, divided by a slider door, small kitchenette was very convenient. Also had laundry, it was great would stay again and definitely recommend!! I would stay longer as I was only there for 2 nights but next time if I had to stay again and longer I would choose this place. Place was very clean and beds were comfortable! Has a small elevator for your luggage, there are a few stairs to get there just an FYI which is very common it Italy especially in Rome. Ivy Canada Gästehaus Deutscher Orden Rome 8.4 Very good · 105 reviews Amazing place!! Me and my mum really enjoyed out stay. The place has such a unique atmosphere. The host so helpful and nice. Our check in time was out of the house rules, but host allowed us to check in later. Moreover, our train got late and host still waited us for several hours. We just cannot be more thankful. It really made our trip to Rome special. Thank you! Also, we got recommendation on the restaurant nearby and it was our best meal in Italy. Muazzamkhon Estonia The Rabbit Hole Pantheon, Rome 9.7 Exceptional · 27 reviews The location was phenomenal. It was quiet, safe, and a stone throw from every main Rome attraction + the best food. We were shocked on how centrally located the property was AND how quiet it was. I traveled around Italy for 6 weeks with a friend and this was our favorite spot to stay! It is small but its all you need and very nicely decorated and new and cozy. the AC was the best and also new :)!! The hosts were so friendly and kind. Caitlin United States Otivm Hotel Pantheon, Rome From CAD 386.74 per night 9.0 Superb · 1,393 reviews A fantastic little gem of a hotel in the historic area of Rome. Wonderful staff, super clean and quiet rooms, and very helpful with arranging transportation during our stay. Otivm Rooftop bar was our hangout every evening to watch the sunset over Rome and listen to the bells chime. Walkable to all major sites while visiting Rome. We would give them 20 stars if we could. By far the nicest hotel during our trip to Italy. Jayne United States Romerooms Vaticano Prati, Rome 9.2 Superb · 1,005 reviews Me and my son stayed here for 3 days to stay. The staff was great and so friendly! They changed our bed and folded the sheets everyday. The bathroom and the bedroom was very clean. After we traveled to London, UK 🇬🇧 they kept our baggage’s for no extra charge! They are very caring about their customers. We will definitely come back! If you are going to Rome, Italy. I would highly recommend this hotel. Xiang United States NH Roma Villa Carpegna Aurelio, Rome From CAD 161.11 per night 8.1 Very good · 2,566 reviews This was the best hotel in Italy we have visited out of 7. Very clean, comfortable and with good vibe. Great outdoor swimming pool - we loved it after hot day. But the best was customer service. We have left a wallet and they helped us a lot and sent the wallet back. Location was good, not far from the metro station and when we used taxi from the city centre was not expensive. We had a very good time. Karolina United Kingdom Opera Private Suites by Premium Suites Collection Central Station, Rome From CAD 231.56 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 405 reviews This hotel exceeded our expectations for Rome. We stayed in 12 hotels/farmstays over 4 weeks for our European trip (Holland, Italy, Paris) and this was one was the absolute best value. The bed was in the top 3, the room was very spacious for a major city hotel and the bathtub would have been amazing if it wasn't 36 degrees out. I was tempted to have an ice bath but I had no access to ice. Julia Canada Hotel Gioberti Central Station, Rome From CAD 240.20 per night 7.9 Good · 950 reviews We booked this hotel after we had to extend our stay in Rome two extra days. The hotel has recently had a major overhaul with new elevators which actual stop on your floor. The AC was great and the rooms were very quite and comfortable. The location was next to the Roma Termini train station but the rooms were very quite. Highly recommend it traveling around Italy by train. Lawrence United States Roma dei Papi Hotel de Charme Vaticano Prati, Rome From CAD 130.35 per night 9.4 Superb · 163 reviews Small boutique hotel, very clean and nicely decorated with everything needed for a great weekend in Rome. The location is good and it was difficult to find a thing we didn't like. Maybe only the bed can be a bit better (a bit short for very high people). The owner, Staffano, is absolutely the best! So nice and helpful, really cares and gives a feeling of home. EITAN Israel Ele Green Park Hotel Pamphili Aurelio, Rome From CAD 141.78 per night 7.2 Good · 1,024 reviews Both receptionists, Amin and a blonde lady (forgot her name). They are so helpful. They answered my questions politely if I wanted to get any info for traveling in Rome and Italy in general. Keep it up! 5 🌟🌟🌟🌟 Mr Amin can consider to be promoted..Best hotel ever! Thank you AB Zulkiflee Malaysia Fonte D'olio Trastevere, Rome 6.8 Pleasant · 6 reviews This property was in a perfect location. Of course Italy is very old and so are the buildings so there was no view from our little apartment. But this served its purpose of our trip to Rome. It was located on a lovely Piazza with plenty of delicious restaurants surrounding us. eric United States Tritone Top House Spagna, Rome From CAD 180.59 per night 7.8 Good · 1,370 reviews The hotel location was very good, right at the city centre and next to the Spanish Piazza. The room was good and quite clean. The staff was very responsive to our request, especially when we travelled during a day that the whole Italy rail system was on strike! Allen Hong Kong Hotel Centro Cavour Roma Rione Monti, Rome From CAD 229.95 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 2,018 reviews The staff were the most obliging and helpful of all the hotels staff that we stayed at for our 3week visit of Italy...they were genuinely nice young energetic folk that made the Centro Cavour function so smoothly...we'll done guys Hough Australia Hotel Nazionale Pantheon, Rome From CAD 316.36 per night 9.0 Superb · 2,170 reviews The building was beautiful and the location was absolutely perfect. We were able to walk all around Rome from our hotel. All staff was extremely friendly and helpful. It was the perfect place to stay for our first trip to Italy. Amanda United States Bnb Drive In Appio Latino, Rome 8.1 Very good · 634 reviews Great location close to train station and easy to get to centre of Rome. Nice and clean room with accomodating host. Breakfast was a cappuccino and crossiant from cafe downstairs, cappuccino was one of the best we had in Italy! Dishan United Kingdom Condominio Monti Boutique Hotel Rione Monti, Rome From CAD 240.20 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 1,677 reviews comfortable beds (best we had in all of italy). friendly staff, honestly we stopped by the front desk a few times to chat with the staff, good vibes! colosseum is literally right outside of your hotel!! Rodneisha United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Rome Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Hotels in Milan Discover another destination in Italy. Hotels in Florence Discover another destination in Italy. Hotels near Fiumicino Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Rome Ciampino Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Fiumicino Find more hotels in a city close to Fiumicino. Hotels in Lido di Ostia Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Lido di Ostia, not too far from Rome. Hotels in Rome City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Trastevere Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Rome Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380,1866460,1846890,1847760,1870380|9,1871440,1847760|3,1870380|3,1833870