The 10 best holiday rentals in Calgary, Canada | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Holiday Rentals in Calgary For travellers looking to stay somewhere unique; your home-from-home accommodation awaits. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home All holiday rentals Canada Alberta Calgary The 10 Best Holiday Rentals in Calgary, Canada Check out our pick of great short term rentals in Calgary Show hotels on map Filter by: Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Calgary Mountain Gorgeous Single House Close Airport & Free Parking Calgary Situated in Calgary, Calgary Mountain Gorgeous Single House Close Airport & Free Parking offers accommodation with a patio or a balcony, free WiFi and flat-screen TV, as well as a garden and a terrace. Amrit United States The property is very near to the airport as explained in the description. Spacious common room and very neat and clean. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 105 reviews Price from CAD 84.15 per night Check availability Calgary-Banff Best Garden house close LRT&UC&Free Parking Calgary Located 3.9 km from Crowchild Twin Arena and 11 km from McMahon Stadium, Calgary-Banff Best Garden house close LRT&UC&Free Parking features free WiFi and units equipped with a kitchen, terrace and seating area. This property offers access to a balcony and free private parking. Featuring family rooms, this property also provides guests with a picnic area. Eraj India The location was very convenient - easy access to bus, train & also car rental. Lovely quiet neighborhood. The house was very cozy, comfortable and clean with all the amenities one would require. The deluxe room we stayed in was lovely. Free parking available too. The host was also very helpful and approachable. Will definitely recommend. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 123 reviews Price from CAD 119.90 per night Check availability Brother Li Homestay Calgary Located within 4.6 km of Crowchild Twin Arena and 10 km of McMahon Stadium in Calgary, Brother Li Homestay features accommodation with seating area. Featuring a shared kitchen, this property also provides guests with a picnic area. The homestay provides garden views, an outdoor fireplace, and free WiFi is available throughout the property. Marie Czech Republic Hosts were very nice :-) Accomodation was clean and comfortable, we had great time there! :-) Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 319 reviews Price from CAD 70 per night Check availability Cozy basement suite Northeast Calgary, Calgary Offering quiet street views, Cozy basement suite is an accommodation situated in Calgary, 22 km from McMahon Stadium and 23 km from Crowchild Twin Arena. Both free WiFi and parking on-site are accessible at the guest house free of charge. The property is non-smoking and is set 11 km from CrossIron Mills. Isabell Germany We absolutely enjoyed our stay. The apartment has perfect size and is very well equipped. Everything was perfectly clean. We even got provided drinks, coffee, tea, eggs, toothbrush and toothpaste. Unfortunately I only booked for one night. Will definitely stay there again when I'm back in Calgary. Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 18 reviews Price from CAD 82.03 per night Check availability 2 Bedrooms Private Basement Suite Close to Winsport & Downtown Southwest Calgary, Calgary Situated in Calgary and only 11 km from Devonian Gardens, 2 Bedrooms Private Basement Suite Close to Winsport & Downtown features accommodation with mountain views, free WiFi and free private parking. This sustainable apartment is located 11 km from Calgary Tower and 11 km from McMahon Stadium. Stampede Park is 12 km from the apartment and Calgary Zoo Botanical Garden & Prehistoric Park is 14 km away. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 135 per night Check availability Award-Winning One-Bedroom Suite at Telus Sky Downtown Calgary, Calgary In a central area of Calgary, Award-Winning One-Bedroom Suite at Telus Sky features city views from the balcony. The property is around 1.5 km from Calgary Stampede, 1.4 km from Stampede Park and 2.7 km from Calgary Zoo Botanical Garden & Prehistoric Park. Free WiFi is available and private parking can be arranged at an extra charge. Sebastiano Italy Top apartment in the newest and most prestigious condo in Downtown Calgary. Great comfort and view. Handy Deville cafe in the lobby, Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 17 reviews Price from CAD 193.50 per night Check availability Entire Spacious Sunny Walkout Basement 2-Bedroom Calgary Set in Calgary, the recently renovated Entire Spacious Sunny Walkout Basement 2-Bedroom provides accommodation 13 km from CrossIron Mills and 15 km from McMahon Stadium. This apartment offers free private parking, full-day security and free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is located 15 km from Crowchild Twin Arena. Jemime Canada The host was very nice The place was very clean The property is 15 minutes from the airport and close to amenities. Nice neighbourhood. Everything was convenient and perfect for our family Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 5 reviews Price from CAD 77.62 per night Check availability 2-Bedroom Guest Suite Calgary Situated 27 km from Stampede Park, 2-Bedroom Guest Suite features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. The property is around 28 km from Devonian Gardens, 29 km from Calgary Zoo Botanical Garden & Prehistoric Park and 31 km from Calgary Telus Convention Centre. The property is non-smoking and is set 27 km from Calgary Stampede. Noralyn Canada Cleanliness and silent neighbor hood Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 5 reviews Price from CAD 142.50 per night Check availability Luxurious & modern 2Bdr Basement Suite in Calgary Calgary Set 22 km from Stampede Park, Luxurious & modern 2Bdr Basement Suite in Calgary offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. The property is around 24 km from Calgary Telus Convention Centre, 24 km from Calgary Tower and 24 km from Devonian Gardens. The property is non-smoking and is situated 23 km from Calgary Stampede. Oleksandr Canada It felt like home. All amenities from little things in the kitchen to books. The house is very clean and cozy. The owners tried to make your stay in the house as comfortable as possible. Definitely recommend Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 100 per night Check availability Spacious One Bedroom Walkout Basement Suite Southwest Calgary, Calgary Conveniently located in the Southwest Calgary district of Calgary, Spacious One Bedroom Walkout Basement Suite is a sustainable apartment set 8.4 km from Crowchild Twin Arena and 13 km from McMahon Stadium. The property invites guests to reconnect with nature and encourages them to make eco-friendly travel choices. Both free WiFi and parking on-site are accessible at the apartment free of charge. The property is non-smoking and is located 18 km from Devonian Gardens. Janine Canada The place is really cozy and beautiful…way better than we expected. I highly recommend! It was very clean. My family love it! Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 13 reviews Price from CAD 111.60 per night Check availability All holiday rentals in Calgary Holiday Rentals in Calgary: things to know Popular neighbourhood Downtown Calgary Popular months July, September, August Average stay 2 nights Average price per night CAD 177 Available holiday rentals in Calgary 238 Most booked holiday rentals in Calgary this month See all Along River Ridge Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary 7.9 Good · 126 holiday rental reviews Cozy condo in downtown Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary Stylish Downtown Condos by GLOBALSTAY Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary 7.8 Good · 303 holiday rental reviews Brother Li Homestay Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary 9.1 Superb · 319 holiday rental reviews M Lofts Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary 7.5 Good · 98 holiday rental reviews Green Village B&B Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary 8.2 Very good · 114 holiday rental reviews Hamptons Rose garden family! Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary 7.8 Good · 90 holiday rental reviews NEW Cozy and Central DT Home w Gym Coffee Parking BBQ Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary Monki Di Executive Suites - Alura Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary 8.6 Fabulous · 91 holiday rental reviews New Home with AC, Patio and Netflix Holiday Rental in Calgary Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Calgary 9.3 Superb · 18 holiday rental reviews Enjoy breakfast at holiday rentals in Calgary! See all Cozy basement suite-溫馨小屋 designated parking Southwest Calgary, Calgary Breakfast options Situated in Calgary in the Alberta region, Cozy basement suite-溫馨小屋 designated parking features a patio. This property offers access to a balcony and free private parking. Spacious, friendly atmosphere, welcoming, comfortable, clean, and thoughtful. Show more Show less From CAD 108 per night 9.0 Superb 59 reviews Westmount River Inn Calgary Breakfast options Overlooking Bow River, this Calgary guest house is just 2.3 km from the city centre. Free Wi-Fi is provided in all rooms. Hardwood furnishings are featured throughout the bright, spacious house. The Westmount River Inn was an excellent place to stay in Calgary. Show more Show less From CAD 160.55 per night 8.3 Very good 157 reviews 2 Bedroom 2 Washrooms Brand New Beautiful Suite - Low Fees and Taxes Calgary Breakfast options Situated in Calgary and only 6.5 km from Crowchild Twin Arena, 2 Bedroom 2 Washrooms Brand New Beautiful Suite - Low Fees and Taxes features accommodation with mountain views, free WiFi and free... Show more Show less From CAD 130 per night 10 Exceptional 2 reviews Calgary Mountain Gorgeous Single House Close Airport & Free Parking Calgary Breakfast options Situated in Calgary, Calgary Mountain Gorgeous Single House Close Airport & Free Parking offers accommodation with a patio or a balcony, free WiFi and flat-screen TV, as well as a garden and a... Great place to stay. I stayed here one night, on my way to the Rocky Mountains. Show more Show less From CAD 84.15 per night 9.4 Superb 105 reviews Calgary-Banff Best Garden house close LRT&UC&Free Parking Calgary Breakfast options Located 3.9 km from Crowchild Twin Arena and 11 km from McMahon Stadium, Calgary-Banff Best Garden house close LRT&UC&Free Parking features free WiFi and units equipped with a kitchen, terrace and... The location was very convenient - easy access to bus, train & also car rental. Show more Show less From CAD 119.90 per night 9.2 Superb 123 reviews Cozy basement suite Northeast Calgary, Calgary Breakfast options Offering quiet street views, Cozy basement suite is an accommodation situated in Calgary, 22 km from McMahon Stadium and 23 km from Crowchild Twin Arena. We absolutely enjoyed our stay. The apartment has perfect size and is very well equipped. Show more Show less From CAD 82.03 per night 9.7 Exceptional 18 reviews Entire Spacious Sunny Walkout Basement 2-Bedroom Calgary Breakfast options Set in Calgary, the recently renovated Entire Spacious Sunny Walkout Basement 2-Bedroom provides accommodation 13 km from CrossIron Mills and 15 km from McMahon Stadium. The host was very nice The place was very clean The property is 15 minutes from the airport and... Show more Show less From CAD 77.62 per night 9.2 Superb 5 reviews 2-Bedroom Guest Suite Calgary Breakfast options Situated 27 km from Stampede Park, 2-Bedroom Guest Suite features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Cleanliness and silent neighbor hood Show more Show less From CAD 142.50 per night 9.2 Superb 5 reviews These holiday rentals in Calgary have options with FREE cancellation See all 2 Bedrooms Private Basement Suite Close to Winsport & Downtown Southwest Calgary, Calgary Free cancellation options available Situated in Calgary and only 11 km from Devonian Gardens, 2 Bedrooms Private Basement Suite Close to Winsport & Downtown features accommodation with mountain views, free WiFi and free private parking.... Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 9.6 Exceptional 5 reviews Award-Winning One-Bedroom Suite at Telus Sky Downtown Calgary, Calgary Free cancellation options available In a central area of Calgary, Award-Winning One-Bedroom Suite at Telus Sky features city views from the balcony. Top apartment in the newest and most prestigious condo in Downtown Calgary. Great comfort and view. Show more Show less From CAD 193.50 per night 9.4 Superb 17 reviews Spacious One Bedroom Walkout Basement Suite Southwest Calgary, Calgary Free cancellation options available Conveniently located in the Southwest Calgary district of Calgary, Spacious One Bedroom Walkout Basement Suite is a sustainable apartment set 8.4 km from Crowchild Twin Arena and 13 km from McMahon... The place is really cozy and beautiful…way better than we expected. I highly recommend! Show more Show less From CAD 111.60 per night 9.6 Exceptional 13 reviews LUXURY Downtown Sunset Getaway, Full kitchen, ROOFTOP POOL, gym, private balcony, FREE PARKING, sleeps 1 to 4 people Downtown Calgary, Calgary Free cancellation options available Right in the centre of Calgary, situated within a short distance of Devonian Gardens and Calgary Tower, LUXURY Downtown Sunset Getaway, Full kitchen, ROOFTOP POOL, gym, private balcony, FREE PARKING,... Easy walk to downtown. Comfortable beds. Show more Show less From CAD 213.40 per night 9.3 Superb 7 reviews 52-3 Bed Suite On Lake Central Ac By Airport Northeast Calgary, Calgary Free cancellation options available 52-3 Bed Suite On Lake Central Ac By Airport is located in the Northeast Calgary district of Calgary, 17 km from Calgary Tower, 17 km from Calgary Zoo Botanical Garden & Prehistoric Park and 17 km... The location was close to the airport and near a small pond which would be great for skating. Show more Show less From CAD 99 per night 9.3 Superb 30 reviews Private Studio Apartment House Calgary Free cancellation options available Situated in Calgary in the Alberta region, Private Studio Apartment House has a patio. It felt so homely and comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 76.94 per night 9.5 Exceptional 43 reviews New luxury suite in Calgary NW Calgary Free cancellation options available Offering quiet street views, New luxury suite in Calgary NW is an accommodation located in Calgary, 17 km from Crowchild Twin Arena and 18 km from McMahon Stadium. Brand new, super helpful hosts, stocked with coffee stuff and treats. Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 9.5 Exceptional 11 reviews Private Cozy Secondary Suite, 2 Bedrooms, Separate Entrance Southwest Calgary, Calgary Free cancellation options available Private Cozy Secondary Suite, 2 Bedrooms, Separate Entrance is situated in the Southwest Calgary district of Calgary, 22 km from Calgary Stampede, 22 km from Calgary Telus Convention Centre and 22 km... It's so super clean and love how they design it so cute beds are so so soft and comfortable The... Show more Show less From CAD 107 per night 9.2 Superb 6 reviews Highly rated holiday rentals in Calgary See all Brother Li Homestay Calgary 8.0+ review score Located within 4.6 km of Crowchild Twin Arena and 10 km of McMahon Stadium in Calgary, Brother Li Homestay features accommodation with seating area. Hosts were very nice :-) Accomodation was clean and comfortable, we had great time there! :-) Show more Show less From CAD 70 per night 9.1 Superb 319 reviews 2-bedroom basement apartment Calgary 8.0+ review score Set in Calgary in the Alberta region, 2-bedroom basement apartment offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Clean, good location, spacious and beautiful Show more Show less From CAD 117 per night 9.4 Superb 8 reviews City View 1BR Downtown Calgary Downtown Calgary, Calgary 8.0+ review score Located in Calgary, 800 metres from Stampede Park and 700 metres from Calgary Tower, City View 1BR Downtown Calgary offers air conditioning. Nothing was missed, such a comfortable stay, probably the best I have ever had! Show more Show less From CAD 102.90 per night 9.3 Superb 24 reviews Chic 2BR Condo in Vibrant Downtown Calgary Downtown Calgary, Calgary 8.0+ review score Right in the centre of Calgary, set within a short distance of Calgary Stampede and Stampede Park, Chic 2BR Condo in Vibrant Downtown Calgary offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities... all of thing is good! Show more Show less From CAD 102.90 per night 9.3 Superb 36 reviews A very nice Basement ensuite. Calgary 8.0+ review score Located in Calgary, A very nice Basement ensuite. Is a recently renovated accommodation, 18 km from Crowchild Twin Arena and 18 km from McMahon Stadium. Cleaned beautiful decorated and close to airport. Great kitchen with all appliances and comfy beds. Show more Show less From CAD 180.50 per night 9.5 Exceptional 39 reviews City Centre Retreat - 1BR Condo with Desk Downtown Calgary, Calgary 8.0+ review score In a central area of Calgary, located within a short distance of Calgary Stampede and Stampede Park, City Centre Retreat - 1BR Condo with Desk offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household... Very comfortable, beautifully furnished, clean one bedroom apartment. Show more Show less From CAD 83.70 per night 9.0 Superb 35 reviews Amicable, Cozy, High Speed Internet, Sleeps 2 Riverview Downtown Apartment Downtown Calgary, Calgary 8.0+ review score Right in the centre of Calgary, set within a short distance of Calgary Telus Convention Centre and Calgary Tower, Amicable, Cozy, High Speed Internet, Sleeps 2 Riverview Downtown Apartment offers free... The apartment is very well looked after and clean. Show more Show less From CAD 116.10 per night 9.3 Superb 12 reviews You will love this 2BR Guest Suite in SE Calgary Calgary 8.0+ review score Set in Calgary and only 25 km from Stampede Park, You will love this 2BR Guest Suite in SE Calgary offers accommodation with mountain views, free WiFi and free private parking. Clean, good AC, quiet, friendly host, we stayed for 4 nights and feel like home. Show more Show less From CAD 114.75 per night 9.6 Exceptional 33 reviews FAQs about holiday rentals in Calgary How much does it cost to stay in a holiday rental in Calgary? On average, a holiday rental in Calgary costs CAD 114 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a holiday rental in Calgary for this weekend? The average price per night for a holiday rental in Calgary for this weekend is CAD 224 (based on Booking.com prices). How much would a holiday rental in Calgary cost for tonight? The average price of a holiday rental in Calgary for this evening is CAD 237 (based on Booking.com prices). Which holiday rentals in Calgary are good for families? Many families visiting Calgary enjoyed staying at Home Sweet Condo, Luxurious & modern 2Bdr Basement Suite in Calgary and Entire Condo Downtown, near Saddle Dome, Quiet, Private, free Parking, 1,5 hrs to Banff. What are the best holiday rentals in Calgary near Chinook Centre? Some of the best holiday rentals in Calgary near Chinook Centre include Entire Condo Downtown, near Saddle Dome, Quiet, Private, free Parking, 1,5 hrs to Banff, Roxboro #1 Premium Central 3BR Home Parking, Wifi and Chic 2BR Condo in Vibrant Downtown Calgary. What are the best holiday rentals in Calgary close to Calgary International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Calgary near Calgary International Airport (YYC) had good things to say about Private Studio Apartment House, Ajoke Villa 1 and 52-3 Bed Suite On Lake Central Ac By Airport. What are some of the best holiday rentals for stays in Calgary? Calgary Mountain Gorgeous Single House Close Airport & Free Parking, Calgary-Banff Best Garden house close LRT&UC&Free Parking and Brother Li Homestay are some of our most popular holiday rentals in Calgary. Which holiday rentals in Calgary are good for couples? These holiday rentals in Calgary are highly rated by couples: You will love this 2BR Guest Suite in SE Calgary, Luxury Home By North Glenmore Park and Luxurious & modern 2Bdr Basement Suite in Calgary. What holiday rentals in Calgary have nice views? Newly built and tastefully furnished legal suite, Entire Condo Downtown, near Saddle Dome, Quiet, Private, free Parking, 1,5 hrs to Banff and Calgary Mountain Gorgeous Single House Close Airport & Free Parking have received great reviews from guests in Calgary regarding the views from these holiday rentals. Holiday rentals that guests love in Calgary See all Brother Li Homestay Holiday Rental in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 70 9.1 Superb 319 reviews All that you need for a short term stay Show more Show less NataliiaPeople with friends Elegant 4-Bed, 3.5-bath house Holiday Rental in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 270 9.3 Superb 3 reviews The home is beautiful and in a quiet neighbourhood. The hosts have added many extra touches to make it very comfortable and easy without adding any clutter. It's exceptionally clean and well maintained. The furnishings are modern and comfortable. The beds are comfortable and the linens are all good quality. The kitchen is well equipped and functional. The hosts were very professional but warm and responsive. We've stayed in vacation rentals all over the world and this is one of the best we've ever been in. Thanks for a great stay! Show more Show less MariaFamily with young children Alt Hotel Calgary East Village Holiday Rental in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 149 8.9 Fabulous 1,144 reviews The Alt Hotel Calgary East Village offers a well-rounded experience that combines comfort, convenience, and luxury. While there are areas for improvement, the hotel's strengths in location and amenities make it a compelling choice for short and long stays. My repeated stays at the Alt Hotel Calgary East Village, starting shortly after its opening, have consistently offered a harmonious blend of modern comfort and local charm, making it my go-to sanctuary in Calgary. Show more Show less NigelYoung couple HI Calgary City Centre - Hostel Holiday Rental in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 40 8.2 Very good 1,116 reviews Clean, modern facility in Calgary's East Village neighbourhood, which is very accessible to much of that the city has to offer. Show more Show less DominiqueSolo traveller 52-3 Bed Suite On Lake Central Ac By Airport Holiday Rental in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 99 9.3 Superb 30 reviews The host was super hospitable with all candies, chocolates, goodies that my kids were excited to see first time on entering. They got thrilled to see the board games. It is a home away from and has all the facilities of a vacation home. Special Thanks to the fully stuffed coffee machine for a variety of coffee, tea and hot chocolates. Location is a beautiful view of a lake in front and can spend quality time. Show more Show less Mohamed HashimFamily with young children Chic 1BR Kensington unit W/Parking Holiday Rental in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 146.30 9.2 Superb 5 reviews The location of the apartment was excellent. Walking distance into downtown or right next to the train if you prefer to catch public transport. The village of Kensington (Sunnyside) is right on your doorstep with loads of bars and restaurants. The apartment itself is well stocked with all the items you need for cooking at home and though cost is perfect for singles or a couple. Communication with the host was great and always prompt. Show more Show less AndrewSolo traveller Sandman Signature Calgary Downtown Hotel Holiday Rental in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 136 7.8 Good 2,321 reviews Hotel room was spacious n clean. The king-size bed was very comfy. Room came equipped with coffee machine, microwave n a little fridge. So good for a short term stay. Parking was also available for free at the hotel. There's Moxie's bar n restaurant in hotel as well. Show more Show less Chantal391Young couple Alt Hotel Calgary East Village Holiday Rental in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 149 8.9 Fabulous 1,144 reviews Nice, modern and value for money hotel in East Village. Good breakfast with plenty of choices is available next door/indoor. Show more Show less Leo W. van IngenFamily with young children Alt Hotel Calgary East Village Holiday Rental in Calgary Avg. price/night: CAD 149 8.9 Fabulous 1,144 reviews Great position in east village Fabulous restaurant/bar across the road Beautiful walk along Bow river easily accessible Would definitely recommend if staying in Calgary Show more Show less AmandaFamily with young children Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Banff Trail C train Book a hotel close to Banff Trail C train, perfect for easy access to local transport links. Holiday Rentals in Banff Try another destination popular with our guests. Holiday Rentals in Vancouver Try another destination popular with our guests. Flights from London to Calgary Find and compare the best flights. Hotels near Foothills Hospital Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Holiday Rentals in Canmore Find more hotels in a city close to Canmore. Holiday Rentals in Airdrie Flexible on where to stay? Look up holiday rentals in nearby Airdrie, not too far from Calgary. Holiday Rentals in Toronto Discover another destination in Canada. Holiday Rentals in Niagara Falls Discover another destination in Canada. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1867410,1860250,1859450,1871440,1859450|1,1846950