The 10 best cottages in New York, USA | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Cottages in New York Charming and idyllic; a cottage break is the perfect getaway. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home All cottages United States New York State New York The 10 Best Cottages in New York, USA Check out our pick of great cottages in New York Show hotels on map Filter by: Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates COTTAGE FEEL GROUND FLOOR STUDIO Manhattan, New York Ideally set in the Harlem district of New York, COTTAGE FEEL GROUND FLOOR STUDIO is a sustainable apartment set 2.6 km from Yankee Stadium and 3.9 km from Columbia University. The property invites guests to reconnect with nature and encourages them to make eco-friendly travel choices. It is situated 6.6 km from Central Park and offers full-day security. The property is non-smoking and is located 4.8 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art. Show more Show less 5 Review score 1 reviews Check availability 3BR Retreat Walkable to Columbia University Manhattan, New York 3BR Retreat Walkable to Columbia University is located in the Harlem district of New York, 4 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art, 4.3 km from Strawberry Fields and 4.7 km from Yankee Stadium. The property is set 5.8 km from Central Park, 6.1 km from Lincoln Center and 6.6 km from Carnegie Hall. Free WiFi is available throughout the property and Columbia University is less than 1 km away. Show more Show less Price from CAD 431 per night Check availability Newly Renovated 3BR Oasis Walk to Columbia Uni Manhattan, New York Set in New York, 4 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art and 4.3 km from Strawberry Fields, Newly Renovated 3BR Oasis Walk to Columbia Uni offers air conditioning. The property is around 4.7 km from Yankee Stadium, 5.8 km from Central Park and 6.1 km from Lincoln Center. Free WiFi is available throughout the property and Columbia University is less than 1 km away. Show more Show less Price from CAD 614 per night Check availability Luxurious 4 BR Townhouse Manhattan, New York Luxurious 4 BR Townhouse has a balcony and is set in New York, within just 400 metres of Chrysler Building and 600 metres of Grand Central Station. This villa also features a private pool. Free WiFi is available throughout the property and Empire State Building is less than 1 km away. Show more Show less Price from CAD 1,622 per night Check availability Luxurious 5 BR Townhouse Manhattan, New York Luxurious 5 BR Townhouse features a balcony and is located in New York, within just 400 metres of Chrysler Building and 600 metres of Grand Central Station. The property is situated less than 1 km from Bryant Park, a 18-minute walk from Top of the Rock and 1.6 km from St Patrick's Cathedral. Free WiFi is available throughout the property and Empire State Building is less than 1 km away. Show more Show less Price from CAD 2,168 per night Check availability Majors Penthouse Manhattan, New York The spacious country house with a terrace and city views features 2 bedrooms, a living room, a flat-screen TV, an equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, and 2 bathrooms with a walk-in shower. Featuring air conditioning, this unit has a dressing room and a fireplace. The country house is allergy-free and soundproof. Show more Show less Check availability Spectacular vacation home with excellent location in New York Washington Heights, New York Spectacular vacation home with excellent location in New York is set in the Washington Heights district of New York, 8.9 km from Bronx Zoo, 8.9 km from Wave Hill and 9 km from Strawberry Fields. With free private parking, the property is 2.9 km from Yankee Stadium and 4.2 km from Columbia University. The property is non-smoking and is located 8 km from Metropolitan Museum of Art. Show more Show less Price from CAD 6,203 per night Check availability Private Luxury Home near UN Manhattan, New York In the centre of New York, located within a short distance of United Nations Headquarters and Chrysler Building, Private Luxury Home near UN offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities such as a microwave and coffee machine. With city views, this accommodation provides a patio. Outdoor dining is also possible at the holiday home. Show more Show less Check availability All cottages in New York Looking for a cottage? Cottages are perfect for travellers who enjoy feeling cosy and independent in the countryside. Usually small, traditionally built houses, cottages spread across one or two floors, making them great for families, or holidays with a little more privacy. Search cottages in New York Cottages that guests love in New York See all Soul Food (Mont Morris) Cottage in Harlem, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 95 9.2 Superb 335 reviews The New York apartment in Harlem was a fantastic find! Its cozy, well-maintained space offered a comfortable retreat in a vibrant neighborhood. Being in the heart of Harlem allowed for easy access to cultural experiences and diverse dining options. The apartment's amenities and friendly host made my stay truly enjoyable. I would gladly return to this charming spot in the future. Show more Show less AlexandraYoung couple CIVILIAN Hotel Cottage in Hell's Kitchen, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 283 8.5 Very good 2,781 reviews Absolutely loved staying at Civilian. What a lovely and cosy hotel in Hell's Kitchen. You often get ripped and arms and a leg in New York but I thought Civilian was bang on the money! Staff was always kind, charming and ready to assist. Show more Show less VedaSolo traveller Smyth Tribeca Cottage in Tribeca, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 316 8.6 Fabulous 541 reviews quiet and clean room, cozy reception hall with fireplace Show more Show less VincenzoFamily with young children Executive Hotel Le Soleil New York Cottage in New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 235 8.3 Very good 3,437 reviews Very well located smart hotel. Lovely cosy lobby area with fireplace. Friendly staff. Show more Show less Nomadic_BritonFamily with young children The Renwick Cottage in Murray Hill, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 242 8.3 Very good 1,691 reviews Charming heritage landmark building with lots of artistic touches, and it didn’t feel like a chain hotel - very boutique feel. we didn’t know, but our gallery suite room had direct views of the Empire State building, which was a lovely surprise! Show more Show less SamanthaFamily with young children Staypineapple, An Artful Hotel, Midtown New York Cottage in Hell's Kitchen, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 172 8.7 Fabulous 1,165 reviews The hotel is in an excellent and central location. Very clean. Bed and bedding very cozy and smells good. Lovely branding of all the products in the form of pineapple (especially the cookies in the afternoon that are distributed in the lobby and the cozy robe in the room). The shower is nicely decorated and has cosy towels in all sizes. Show more Show less Hila900Young couple Warwick New York Cottage in New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 304 7.9 Good 5,916 reviews The amazing location and the charm of the old hotel. My room 1905 was lovely although very small. I kept bruising my hip on the tv cabinet going to the wardrobe (the desk could be moved slightly towards the bathroom door to give a couple of inches more space for walking through). The domestic staff were a delight on my floor and always had my room done before I came back from breakfast. I loved that. Dining room staff were always charming and obliging. Show more Show less AntoniaSolo traveller Walker Hotel Greenwich Village Cottage in Greenwich Village, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 318 8.2 Very good 1,061 reviews Charming, clean and calm hotel situated in walking distance to West Village and many nice cozy restaurants and cafes. Nice bed and ask for a room with view of Empire State Building. Only a 15 min easy busride to Central Park. Show more Show less AnnikenFamily with young children The Jane Hotel Cottage in Greenwich Village, New York, NY Avg. price/night: CAD 182 7.3 Good 2,115 reviews The set up is so charming, feels like being in the movie "Grand Budapest hotel" 😉 Position in nice neighborhood, 10 minutes walk from metro. Very tiny cabins but very pragmatic shelves everywhere. Nice slippers and robe offered, perfect for going to the bathroom on the floor! Show more Show less Ursenna VittoriaSolo traveller Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Car hire in New York Hire a car and hit the road, whether that's A to B or for a longer road trip. Hotels near Madison Square Garden Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Things to do in New York How will you spend your time in the city? Cottages in New York State Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Cottages in New York Metropolitan area Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Manhattan Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Times Square Explore New York while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Visit New York Everything you need to know about your destination. Flights from London to New York Find and compare the best flights. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1859450,1860250,1859450|1,1846950