The Best Isle of Wight Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Isle of Wight, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Isle of Wight, United Kingdom Enter your dates and choose from 1,085 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom Isle of Wight Check out these popular cities on Isle of Wight Shanklin 136 hotels Sandown 126 hotels Ryde 60 hotels Newport 41 hotels Cowes 52 hotels Ventnor 105 hotels Freshwater 51 hotels Bembridge 42 hotels Totland 18 hotels Yarmouth 129 hotels East Cowes 15 hotels Seaview 28 hotels Stay in Isle of Wight's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates shoreside inn 4 stars Hotel in Shanklin Situated in Shanklin, 60 metres from Shanklin Beach, shoreside inn features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. room was very good nice extra touches like fresh milk every day if required. Comfortable bed excellent soft towels and the best breakfast we have ever had at a B&B.would certainly stay again. Also given local insight of all the places of interest. Show more Show less 9.9 Exceptional 126 reviews Check availability Villa Rothsay Hotel Hotel in Cowes Offering views of the nearby sailing boats, Villa Rothsay Hotel is located in Cowes, Isle of Wight. Free WiFi access is available, as well as free parking. Excellent breakfast. Better than that at the Royal Hotel in Ventnor, Isle of Wight. Also, Margaret gave me a list to the ferry terminal. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 343 reviews Price from CAD 256 per night Check availability Sentry Mead Hotel Hotel in Totland Situated in Totland Bay on the Isle of Wight, this award-winning, fully licensed, property offers free Wi-Fi in all areas and benefits from free private parking on site. We would definitely come here again! Gayle and Mark are wonderful hosts- there is nothing you could want for in the Sentry Mead- they have literally thought of EVERYTHING! The rooms are tastefully decorated, have mini-fridges, snacks and mugs for tea and bathrobes. Downstairs there is a bar room with drinks and snacks on the honour system and upstairs a Nespresso machine. The downstairs lounge is comfortable and inviting, as is the conservatory, terrace and garden area. You are a three-minute walk from the beach and trekking routes. There are restaurants and shops nearby as well as a bus stop, from where you can catch several different buses to explore the island. It is quiet and peaceful, but wonderfully accessible to tourist sights and other points of interest. And the breakfasts are outstanding! Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 378 reviews Check availability Hambledon Hotel Hotel in Shanklin Hambledon Hotel has a garden, shared lounge, a terrace and bar in Shanklin. Located around 15 km from Blackgang Chine, the hotel with free WiFi is also 19 km away from Osborne House. It was in a great location! Walking distance to everything but in a quiet part of town. The host were extremely nice and helpful and breakfast was delicious. Show more Show less 9 Superb 7 reviews Check availability Haven Hall Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Shanklin Situated within 2 acres of land, Haven Hall Hotel offers accommodation in Shanklin Isle of Wight. The property is located on the cliff top, offering views of the sea, cliffs and the bay. Haven Hall is amazing. Deeply touched my soul, I’m still enchanted by it. Originally I booked the Tennyson room, but David was kind enough to upgrade me to the Sailboats Suite, which was marvelous. All the glamorous reviews are absolutely justified. With my humble photos I’m just trying to do justice to the place, but you really need to see it to believe it. Highly recommend it, I can’t wait to return. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 55 reviews Check availability The Wellington Hotel - B&B 3 stars Hotel in Ventnor Set in Ventnor and with Ventnor reachable within 300 metres, The Wellington Hotel - B&B offers concierge services, allergy-free rooms, a terrace, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Location....facilities.....Breakfast. Good local restaurant nearby aswell as in house. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 1,384 reviews Price from CAD 130 per night Check availability Villa Mentone Hotel Hotel in Shanklin Located in Shanklin, 400 metres from Shanklin Beach, Villa Mentone Hotel provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. Lovely place🥰 Clean , and staff very kind . We enjoyed every moment Show more Show less 8 Very good 1,392 reviews Check availability Channel View Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Shanklin Set in Shanklin, 300 metres from Shanklin Beach, Channel View Hotel offers accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Super location, very friendly staff, great facilities。 Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 1,411 reviews Price from CAD 123 per night Check availability The Stag Hotel in Northwood Set in Northwood, 19 km from Blackgang Chine, The Stag offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. The breakfast was fantastic, and the staff were excellent! The location was superb, and the food was absolutely delicious. We also had dinner at their restaurant, and it was truly exceptional! Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 194 reviews Price from CAD 154 per night Check availability One Holyrood Hotel & Cafe 4 stars Hotel in Newport Situated in Newport, within 1.5 km of Carisbrooke Castle and 7 km of Osborne House, One Holyrood Hotel & Cafe offers accommodation with a garden, free WiFi. Good breakfast and good location at centre if the Island. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 484 reviews Price from CAD 171 per night Check availability See all 818 hotels on Isle of Wight Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Isle of Wight with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety The Seaview Hotel And Restaurant Hotel in Seaview 23 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 The Wight Mouse Inn 3 stars Hotel in Chale 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.3 Sentry Mead Hotel Hotel in Totland 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Villa Rothsay Hotel Hotel in Cowes 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Channel View Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Shanklin 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.6 shoreside inn 4 stars Hotel in Shanklin 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 One Holyrood Hotel & Cafe 4 stars Hotel in Newport 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Villa Mentone Hotel Hotel in Shanklin 9 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.3 Haven Hall Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Shanklin 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 The Wellington Hotel - B&B 3 stars Hotel in Ventnor 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.6 See all Most booked hotels on Isle of Wight in the past month See all Luccombe Manor Country House Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Shanklin Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 8.6 Fabulous 844 reviews Yelf's Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Ryde Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 7.2 Good 1,208 reviews The Wight Mouse Inn 3 stars Hotel in Chale Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 8.9 Fabulous 727 reviews Ryde Castle by Greene King Inns 3 stars Hotel in Ryde Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 7.9 Good 877 reviews BEST WESTERN New Holmwood Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Cowes Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 8.7 Fabulous 601 reviews Calverts Hotel - Newport, Isle of Wight --- Car Ferry Optional Extra 92 pounds Return from Southampton Hotel in Newport Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 6.6 Review score 575 reviews Channel View Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Shanklin Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 8.1 Very good 1,411 reviews Charter House Hotel in Newport Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 7.4 Good 348 reviews The Wellington Hotel - B&B 3 stars Hotel in Ventnor Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 8.3 Very good 1,384 reviews Burlington Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Sandown Popular with guests booking hotels on Isle of Wight 7.8 Good 539 reviews Isle of Wight's best hotels with breakfast See all The Belmont Hotel in Shanklin Breakfast options The Belmont offers adult only accommodation, 3 minutes’ walk from Shanklin Beach on the Isle of Wight. It has free Wi-Fi, free parking, and a garden and sauna to relax in. The owners are so welcoming and helpful. We had a lovely big room and freshly cooked breakfast. Show more Show less From CAD 191 per night 8.9 Fabulous 87 reviews Charter House Hotel in Newport Breakfast options Set in Newport and with Osborne House reachable within 7.6 km, Charter House offers express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Breakfast was excellent with a choice off a menu freshly cooked Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 7.4 Good 348 reviews Royal Esplanade Hotel Hotel in Ryde Breakfast options Situated on Ryde Esplanade, on the Isle of Wight, Royal Esplanade Hotel boats views of the Solent. The Grade II Victorian building, features a terrace and restaurant. You couldn't ask for a better hotel to stay at. Show more Show less From CAD 128 per night 7.4 Good 863 reviews Ryde Castle by Greene King Inns Hotel in Ryde Breakfast options This majestic Victorian manor sits on Ryde seafront overlooking the marina. It features bright, elegant rooms with free Wi-Fi and hearty, traditional cuisine in its restaurant. Staff were welcoming and friendly Show more Show less From CAD 108 per night 7.9 Good 877 reviews shoreside inn Hotel in Shanklin Breakfast options Situated in Shanklin, 60 metres from Shanklin Beach, shoreside inn features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. room was very good nice extra touches like fresh milk every day if required. Show more Show less 9.9 Exceptional 126 reviews Villa Rothsay Hotel Hotel in Cowes Breakfast options Offering views of the nearby sailing boats, Villa Rothsay Hotel is located in Cowes, Isle of Wight. Free WiFi access is available, as well as free parking. Excellent breakfast. Better than that at the Royal Hotel in Ventnor, Isle of Wight. Show more Show less From CAD 256 per night 9.1 Superb 343 reviews Sentry Mead Hotel Hotel in Totland Breakfast options Situated in Totland Bay on the Isle of Wight, this award-winning, fully licensed, property offers free Wi-Fi in all areas and benefits from free private parking on site. We would definitely come here again! Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 378 reviews Hambledon Hotel Hotel in Shanklin Breakfast options Hambledon Hotel has a garden, shared lounge, a terrace and bar in Shanklin. Located around 15 km from Blackgang Chine, the hotel with free WiFi is also 19 km away from Osborne House. It was in a great location! Walking distance to everything but in a quiet part of town. Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 7 reviews Budget hotels on Isle of Wight See all Yelf's Hotel Hotel in Ryde Budget Hotel In a popular part of Ryde, on the Isle of Wight, Yelf's Hotel is a former coaching inn with a restaurant, close to the hovercraft and ferry services to Portsmouth and Southsea. Excellent breakfast and good choice Show more Show less From CAD 111 per night 7.2 Good 1,208 reviews Abingdon Lodge Hotel Hotel in Ryde Budget Hotel Set in Ryde, 1.8 km from Ryde Beach, Abingdon Lodge Hotel offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Value for money...Great friendly staff.. Great hotel.👍 Show more Show less From CAD 94 per night 6.6 Review score 413 reviews The Veteran Hotel & Bar Hotel in Ryde Budget Hotel Located in Ryde and with Ryde Beach reachable within 700 metres, The Veteran Hotel & Bar provides a shared lounge, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Cozy place, very old school but nice. Excellent location, close to everything. Show more Show less From CAD 60 per night 7.7 Good 560 reviews The Crown Hotel Hotel in Ryde Budget Hotel The Crown Hotel is situated in Ryde, 1.3 km from Ryde Beach and 11 km from Osborne House. With free WiFi, this 3-star hotel has a garden and a bar. Hi I the staff was friendly to us 😊😀 Show more Show less From CAD 84 per night 5.8 Review score 347 reviews OYO Marina Hotel in Sandown Budget Hotel Located in Sandown, OYO Marina offers beachfront accommodation a 7-minute walk from Dinosaur Isle and provides facilities like a bar, a shared lounge and a terrace. That is was near the sea. easy access to buses. Show more Show less From CAD 124 per night 5.3 Review score 375 reviews No24 Ventnor Hotel in Ventnor Budget Hotel No24 Ventnor in Ventnor provides adults-only accommodation with a garden, a shared lounge and a bar. comfy clean bed and room, good shower and friendly host - all you need really :) Show more Show less From CAD 145 per night 7.4 Good 109 reviews OYO Shanklin Beach Hotel Hotel in Shanklin Budget Hotel Located on Shanklin’s seafront, OYO Shanklin Beach Hotel offers panoramic views of the English Channel. the people was lovely and the location is perfect, love this hotel Show more Show less From CAD 85 per night 6.2 Review score 462 reviews Haven Hall Hotel Hotel in Shanklin Budget Hotel Situated within 2 acres of land, Haven Hall Hotel offers accommodation in Shanklin Isle of Wight. The property is located on the cliff top, offering views of the sea, cliffs and the bay. Haven Hall is amazing. Deeply touched my soul, I’m still enchanted by it. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 55 reviews Hotels on Isle of Wight that you can book without a credit card See all The Wellington Hotel - B&B Hotel in Ventnor No credit card needed Set in Ventnor and with Ventnor reachable within 300 metres, The Wellington Hotel - B&B offers concierge services, allergy-free rooms, a terrace, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Location....facilities.....Breakfast. Good local restaurant nearby aswell as in house. Show more Show less From CAD 130 per night 8.3 Very good 1,384 reviews Villa Mentone Hotel Hotel in Shanklin No credit card needed Located in Shanklin, 400 metres from Shanklin Beach, Villa Mentone Hotel provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. Lovely place🥰 Clean , and staff very kind . We enjoyed every moment Show more Show less 8.0 Very good 1,392 reviews The Stag Hotel in Northwood No credit card needed Set in Northwood, 19 km from Blackgang Chine, The Stag offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. The breakfast was fantastic, and the staff were excellent! Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 8.1 Very good 194 reviews Eastmount Hall Hotel Hotel in Shanklin No credit card needed Situated on the highest part of Shanklin on the Isle of Wight, Eastmount Hall is a hotel that enjoys great views eastwards over the Culver Cliffs. Had a very enjoyable stay, staff very friendly & breakfast was very good. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 345 reviews Harrow Lodge Hotel Hotel in Shanklin No credit card needed Nestled in the popular seaside resort of Shanklin, the Harrow Lodge Hotel overlooks Shanklin Beach, Sandown Bay and Culver Cliffs. fantastic location, amazing staff Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 593 reviews The Royal Hotel Hotel in Ventnor No credit card needed This 4-star hotel offers luxurious accommodation overlooking Ventnor Bay on the Isle of Wight. It serves award-winning food in its conservatory eating area, and an outdoor swimming pool. The exceptionally helpful and professional staff, together with the welcoming and relaxing... Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 8.6 Fabulous 226 reviews The Havelock Hotel in Shanklin No credit card needed Set in attractive gardens, The Havelock offers a Mediterranean-style pool and en suite rooms, some have a sea view. There is some free private parking, and the seafront is close by. Such a great place to stay super friendly very nice decor without being over the top or pretentious-... Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 230 reviews The Grange B&B Hotel in Shanklin No credit card needed In the heart of Shanklin's Old Village, The Grange B&B offers 4-star guest accommodation within a gorgeous Georgian country house listed in the AA's Best British B&B Guide. What can I say about this wonderful property. Beautiful building, quaint rooms, and fabulous garden. Show more Show less From CAD 196 per night 8.7 Fabulous 631 reviews Isle of Wight highlights Annual music festivals The Isle of Wight Festival and Bestival draw in some of the world’s best live acts and streams of festival-goers each summer. Sailing at Cowes Week A historic regatta, Cowes Week includes 40 daily races and up to 1000 boats, manned by over 8000 Olympic-level and amateur sailors. Award-winning beaches Some of Europe’s best beaches can be found along these 57 miles of coastline. Shanklin, Sandown and Ventnor’s esplanades spill over with cafés and shops. Hiking and views along picturesque paths Explore the island's coastal paths and forest trails. Alverstone Walk leads from Sandown, through 2 nature reserves and past a red squirrel hide. Water-sports on the English Channel’s shores From leisurely to extreme, the isle offers water-sport activities to suit all levels. Popular sports include surfing, jet-skiing, kayaking and sailing. Dig up history on "Dinosaur Island Due to its large discoveries of fossils, the Isle of Wight has been nicknamed "Dinosaur Island". Hotspots include Compton Bay and Yaverland. Animal attractions The isle’s farms, parks and zoos offer the chance to observe bird-of-prey displays and more exotic species including flamingos, parrots and penguins. Ventnor Botanic Garden A wide variety of plants can be found within this Mediterranean-like microclimate. The surrounding Undercliff offers a scenic coastal landscape. Fort Victoria Dating from the 1850s, this barracks was built to protect the Solent’s shores. It now houses an aquarium, planetarium and underwater archaeology centre. Isle Of Wight history Top picks include some of the isle’s Roman villas, beautiful castles and Osborne House, Queen Victoria's seaside retreat. FAQs about hotels on Isle of Wight What hotels on Isle of Wight offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels on Isle of Wight that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Belmont, Haven Hall Hotel and Wight orchid island Hotel. Breakfast at these hotels on Isle of Wight are also highly rated: Villa Rothsay Hotel, Sentry Mead Hotel and The Wellington Hotel - B&B. Which hotels on Isle of Wight are good for families? Many families visiting Isle of Wight loved staying at shoreside inn, Haven Hall Hotel and Sentry Mead Hotel. Similarly, The Belmont, Friends Hotel and The Royal Hotel are also popular among family travellers. What hotels on Isle of Wight are good for couples? Couples travelling on Isle of Wight loved staying at shoreside inn, Haven Hall Hotel and Hambledon Hotel. Similarly, these hotels on Isle of Wight are highly rated by couples: Sentry Mead Hotel, Villa Rothsay Hotel and The Belmont. What are the best cities to stay on Isle of Wight? Shanklin, Ryde and Newport are popular with other travellers visiting Isle of Wight. How much is a hotel on Isle of Wight for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 182 per night to book a 3-star hotel on Isle of Wight for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 184 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel on Isle of Wight will cost around CAD 203 (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels on Isle of Wight near Osborne House? Some of the best hotels on Isle of Wight near Osborne House include Albert Cottage Hotel, Marina,Families are welcome and Alberts Dairy Cottage. How much is a hotel on Isle of Wight for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel on Isle of Wight this weekend is CAD 217 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 280. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels on Isle of Wight for this weekend cost on average around CAD 363 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What hotels on Isle of Wight have nice views? The Belmont, The Wellington Hotel - B&B and shoreside inn have received great reviews from travellers on Isle of Wight regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying on Isle of Wight also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Villa Rothsay Hotel, The Clifton and Sentry Mead Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay on Isle of Wight? shoreside inn, Sentry Mead Hotel and Villa Rothsay Hotel are some of the popular hotels on Isle of Wight. In addition to these hotels, Haven Hall Hotel, Hambledon Hotel and The Wellington Hotel - B&B are also popular on Isle of Wight. How many hotels on Isle of Wight are listed on Booking.com? There are 936 hotels on Isle of Wight you can book on Booking.com. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel on Isle of Wight? On average, 3-star hotels on Isle of Wight cost CAD 183 per night, and 4-star hotels on Isle of Wight are CAD 197 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel on Isle of Wight can on average be found for CAD 150 per night (based on Booking.com prices). Wonders of Wordplay and Nature’s Way With dramatic cliffs and unspoilt countryside, the Isle of Wight sits off England’s south coast. Ferries from Southampton cross The Solent to Cowes, a sleepy port which bursts into life during its annual regatta – Cowes Week. Over the inlet is Osborne House, Queen Victoria’s summer home, while Henry VIII was behind the construction of the castle in Yarmouth. Neighbouring Freshwater is the closest town to the multi-coloured sands of Alum Bay. Next door are the Needles which you can’t thread, as the Wonders of the Isle of Wight saying goes. These eroded white cliff formations, one with a lighthouse, extend into the English Channel at the island’s south-western tip. Near the southern tip is Chale, next to Blackgang Chine children’s amusement park, and close to Ventnor, on a hill sloping to the sea. Around the coast are the most popular beach resorts: Sandown with its nature reserve, and Shanklin with its cute Old Village and the most Isle of Wight hotels with indoor pools on Booking.com. Seaview also has a nature reserve, and nearby Ryde is a Victorian beach resort whose long pier is the docking point for ferries from Portsmouth. Other hotels on the Isle of Wight are found in Wootton Bridge, with its steam railway, and the county town Newport, home to Carisbrooke Castle. Planning a trip? Get inspired by reviews of cities on Isle of Wight 10 Myself and my husband have just had a lovely Easter break in... Myself and my husband have just had a lovely Easter break in the Isle of Wight. We ate out everyday and the food, wherever we ate was great! We stayed in a family run guest house in Shanklin, and again we have only praise for the owners. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 6.0 Sandown is an excellent base for you to explore the rest of... Sandown is an excellent base for you to explore the rest of the Isle of Wight. It has a good beach with a excellent peir that has amusements, soft play, bowling, mini golf and places to eat. There are some lovely pubs and cafes on the sea front, my favourite being Flanagan's. Although there aren't many shops they are all full of character. It is an easy place to travel from in order to explore the Island further, with links for the bus and the train :). Show more Show less William United Kingdom 8.0 Good location to explore the whole of the Isle of Wight. Good location to explore the whole of the Isle of Wight. Excellent local pubs especially the Crab Inn. Easy to get to the wonderful beach, great for Children and dogs alike. Show more Show less Stephen United Kingdom 8.0 We did a sponsored walk around the Island and it was the... We did a sponsored walk around the Island and it was the most amazing walk we have done. The Isle of Wight if beautiful and the paths are amazing. The beaches were moderately busy considering it was so sunny, there was plenty of space for everyone and the sea tapered out so children could paddle well. We obviously visited the Isle of Wight on an amazing sunny weekend but we did love it and look forward to revisiting. Walk the coastal path - its amazing! Show more Show less Claire United Kingdom 10 The Isle of Wight is one of the best places to visit in the... The Isle of Wight is one of the best places to visit in the UK. It is fantastic for a fishing trip or cycling holiday and a great place to take the wife. There us something for everyone on this small island off the coast of Hampshire. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 8.0 Totland is perhaps the least hectic part of the Isle of... Totland is perhaps the least hectic part of the Isle of Wight which offers great scenery, b and b's and attractions. It is relatively easy to find things given the traffic congestion on narrow roads and many cars. I would avoid weekends, especially those with events, and the summer season. In spite of being at one end of the island, all attractions are within reach, but one must allow time for both travel and finding parking on the island, espically if you expect it to be free! The Needles are a must see, but prepare for a good walk. Their use to test rockets in the "50's is of interest as are the cliffs. Certainly a destination that can be recommended. Show more Show less Anonymous Australia 10 Beaches were extremely clean with Crystal water, some of the... Beaches were extremely clean with Crystal water, some of the area appeared run down at first glance, however I felt that they were in the process of redevelopment. There is one place to stay well clear of and that is the Driftwood beach bar, the food was appauling, I ordered the rib which looked as though it had been micowaved with bottled bbq sauce tipped over the top, my husband ordered the prawns which made him very ill throughout the night and following day. The Reef however was a world part where the food was concerned, it was stunning. This was our first visit to the Isle of Wight and we are looking forward to our return visit. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 6.0 Ryde is good for travellers. Ryde is good for travellers. There are hovercrafts, catermarans, buses and trains all on the sea front. The beach is nice , which is a short walk away. There are nice shops and cafes in Ryde. If we went to The Isle of Wight again we would stay on another part of the island. Show more Show less Caroline United Kingdom 10 We arrived by push bikes longer ride than we expected the... We arrived by push bikes longer ride than we expected the roads can be very busy. Sandown is a great little place people are friendly pleanty of good places to eat from cafes to restaurants all clean and good value. The beach is beautiful sand like caster sugar good vib too quiet and relaxing but has everything that you need for old and young people enjoyed our stay we will be back. Will use the island train next time to get to Sandown the service is very good the old London tube carriages are great. Thank you the people of the Isle of Wight for making us feel very welcome. Michael and Amanda L. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 10 Beautiful island- isle of Wight and amazing beaches of... Beautiful island- isle of Wight and amazing beaches of shanklin and sandown are amazing getaways from mundane life. And needles being the crema de la crème 😀 Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels on Isle of Wight See all Harrow Lodge Hotel Hotel in Shanklin 8.4 Very good 593 reviews Stayed in room 2 with amazing sea view and balcony...The hotel is lovely and clean.... the room was cleaned every day.... the only negative I had was the shower needed fixing and was attended to immediately but runs quite slow and not very hot .... could do with a nice power shower and would have rated it 10..... The staff are so friendly .... especially Lisa.... The food is obviously locally sourced because it's amazing.... Can't fault this place and will definitely stay again when I next visit my family on Isle of Wight. Show more Show less Barby United Kingdom Yelf's Hotel Hotel in Ryde From CAD 111 per night 7.2 Good 1,208 reviews The location of the hotel is strategic, walking distance to both, pier and town centre. The bus stop as a mere 1min walk and plenty of options to eat in and around the hotel. The hotel staff was very accommodating for getting us a baby cot and also allowed us to keep our luggage in the hotel on the day of our checkout. A very comfortable hotel to stay in Isle of Wight with excellent services. Show more Show less Subhrojit United Kingdom Mulberry Lawn Apartments Brading From CAD 149 per night 9.4 Superb 73 reviews Another great stay at Mulberry Lawn Apartments. This was our second visit to the apartments and we loved it all over again!! Great hosts and very welcoming! A great apartment with everything we needed and we just love the isle of wight. A brilliant week away and I'm sure we will revisit again as we couldn't wish for a better place to stay and holiday. Thanks again Hugh & Kate Show more Show less Paul United Kingdom Little Parklands Sandown From CAD 116 per night 9.4 Superb 143 reviews The apartment was ideally situated in Sandown, with easy access to the main roads and in a quiet residential street. The apartment had everything that we needed for our stay, was immaculately clean, and had additional heating although this was not needed whilst we were there. Helpfully, there was information provided about places to visit on the Isle of Wight and we enjoyed our stay. Show more Show less Philip United Kingdom Enjoy Ventnor 2, Pier Street, Wightlink offer Ventnor From CAD 135 per night 8.9 Fabulous 57 reviews Very nicely decorated quirky apartment located in excellent location, used the bus service, ( Isle of wight has a very good bus service.) bus stop around the corner. If your not self catering there are plenty of nice places to eat. Annette is a perfect host, answered all our queries regarding staying in Ventnor and getting around. Show more Show less Andrew United Kingdom WIGHTHOLIDAY Ryde From CAD 92 per night 8.3 Very good 76 reviews Very beautiful apartment with all facilities. It is actually bigger than looks in the picture. Very good location, from the Ryde ferry it is 5 min walk and all the bus stations to go anywhere in the isle of Wight are within 10min walk. There is Co-Op and Iceland shop within 5min walk so you can have all the stuff from there. Show more Show less Anuj United Kingdom The Brunswick Hotel in Shanklin From CAD 178 per night 7.9 Good 1,349 reviews We are a family of nine traveling with two family rooms, one with a sea view, this hotel is in a great location and has an indoor and outdoor swimming pool, the indoor pool is really awesome, we are all happy, my daughters call it five-star hotel. Will stay here again if we come to the Isle of Wight again. very cost-effective Show more Show less Chen United Kingdom 'Kaia' Beach Vista, Ventnor Beach Ventnor From CAD 196 per night 8.9 Fabulous 66 reviews The location was excellent with fantastic views over Ventnor Beach Front from the apartment balcony. Parking was good right outside the apartment with allocated space. Within a short walk there are numerous places to eat and drink with good quality food. An excellent base to explore the whole of the Isle of Wight. Show more Show less DAVID STACEY United Kingdom Villa Mentone Hotel Hotel in Shanklin 8.0 Very good 1,392 reviews Great place on the hill with an outstanding view. From the first moment we felt welcomed by really friendly receptionist/manager Selma and it stayed like this during our whole stay - so thank you again. We will definitely stay again on our next trip to Isle of Wight in the future as 3 days is just not enough. Show more Show less Martin Stusak United Kingdom Calverts Hotel - Newport, Isle of Wight --- Car Ferry Optional Extra 92 pounds Return from Southampton Hotel in Newport From CAD 50 per night 6.6 Review score 575 reviews When we visited Isle of Wight, it was almost the Isle of Wight Week and as expected most the hotels were expensive for that week. Calvert’s Hotel was the most affordable. It was a good value for money. The accommodation is very central and accessible to town centre. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom One Holyrood Hotel & Cafe Hotel in Newport From CAD 171 per night 8.9 Fabulous 484 reviews We have been in Isle of wight for 2 days. During our stay Karen helped us a lot and suggested too many things to do. Location was great, you can walk around and get a good coffee from a local cafe. It is a typical British Hotel which you may see in the movies. Show more Show less Alper United Kingdom The Hambrough Hotel in Ventnor From CAD 203 per night 8.3 Very good 260 reviews Wonderful location, great views from the rooms and breakfast was fantastic. Staff were very friendly and not too formal. Wish we had booked dinner in the hotel restaurant as it looked amazing. Highly recommend if you are visiting The Isle of Wight. Show more Show less KATIE United Kingdom Chaston Manor Hotel Sandown From CAD 120 per night 8.9 Fabulous 413 reviews Stayef here on a business trip to Isle of Wight.Everything at this lovely hotel was remarkable. The room, the staff, the decor and the breakfast. Excellent Wifi throughout. Nothing was too much trouble. Will stay again when next on IOW. Show more Show less John United Kingdom PENTHOUSE Shanklin From CAD 222 per night 9.2 Superb 32 reviews The Penthouse apartment is spacious, luxuriously appointed, immaculately clean and very well located as a base for a holiday in lovely Shanklin, or as we used it, a base from which to tour and enjoy the wonderful Isle of Wight. Show more Show less Derek United Kingdom Dorset Hotel, Isle of Wight Ryde From CAD 92 per night 8.0 Very good 1,249 reviews Lovely hotel staff were really nice me and my partner stayed here for one night room was big and spacious clean bed was comfy breakfast was really nice will definitely stay again when go to the Isle of wight again Show more Show less Amanda United Kingdom Albert Cottage Hotel East Cowes From CAD 210 per night 8.7 Fabulous 349 reviews Great rooms big bathroom also superb gardens to walk and relaxing also the Hotel oozes history and interests will stay again next time in the Isle of Wight Show more Show less House United Kingdom Villa Rothsay Hotel Hotel in Cowes From CAD 256 per night 9.1 Superb 343 reviews Excellent breakfast. Better than that at the Royal Hotel in Ventnor, Isle of Wight. Also, Margaret gave me a list to the ferry terminal. Show more Show less Douglas United States The Bay house Apartments , shanklin Shanklin From CAD 507 per night 9.6 Exceptional 115 reviews We loved this apartment, very comfortable for a group of 4 adults. Will definitely come back next time when we are in the Isle of Wight. Show more Show less Christine United Kingdom The Broadway Park Hotel Hotel in Sandown 6.7 Review score 2,437 reviews The location was good for seeing all parts of the Isle of Wight. The hotel was very reasonably priced and the room spacious. Show more Show less Gail United Kingdom The Pilot Boat Inn, Isle of Wight Bembridge From CAD 131 per night 8.0 Very good 419 reviews Really good value for an Isle of Wight hotel particularly during July. Room was decorated to a good standard. Show more Show less Grant United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip When to visit the United Kingdom Events, prices, the weather – everything you need to know about the best time to visit the United Kingdom. Hotels in the United Kingdom Set off to explore the whole country. Hotels in England Take a look at properties in a destination nearby. Holiday Parks on Isle of Wight Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. B&Bs on Isle of Wight Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Cowes A popular choice with guests visiting Isle of Wight. Hotels in Newport Thinking about which towns and cities to visit during your trip to Isle of Wight? Try Newport, a popular choice with guests. Hotels in Lake District Discover another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels in Scotland Discover another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440