The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Canmore, Canada - Canmore hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Canmore Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Canmore hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada Alberta Canmore Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Canmore – 63 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Grande Rockies Resort-Bellstar Hotels & Resorts Hotel in Canmore Offering an indoor pool, this Canmore hotel features one and two bedroom suites with full kitchens and 40-inch flat-screen TVs with Blu-Ray players. Show more 7.4 Good 1,063 reviews Price fromCAD 189per night Check availability Falcon Crest Lodge by CLIQUE Hotel in Canmore Offering a two hot tubs, this Canmore hotel is located in the Rocky Mountains and features rooms with a kitchenette and a fireplace. Free WiFi is included. Banff is 26 km away. 8.9 Fabulous 694 reviews Price fromCAD 149.96per night Check availability Lamphouse By Basecamp Hotel in Canmore Conveniently located in Canmore town centre, the Lamphouse By Basecamp offers rooms with free WiFi. A 55-inch flat-screen TV and a refrigerator are included in each room. Show more 8.3 Very good 713 reviews Price fromCAD 129per night Check availability Silver Creek Lodge Hotel in Canmore Featuring a full-service day spa, this Canmore lodge is only 4km outside of Banff National Park. Wild Orchid Asian Bistro serves dinner. Each suite offers a fully equipped kitchen and fireplace. Show more 8.2 Very good 1,867 reviews Price fromCAD 134.10per night Check availability Coast Canmore Hotel & Conference Centre Hotel in Canmore Located in the Canadian Rocky Mountains, this Canmore hotel features an on-site restaurant and bar. Free WiFi and a cable TV are included in each guest room. Canmore Golf & Curling Club is 2 km away. Show more 8.0 Very good 1,495 reviews Price fromCAD 135.15per night Check availability Pocaterra Inn & Waterslide Hotel in Canmore Pocaterra Inn & Waterslide features an indoor pool with a waterslide and a sauna. Rooms offer a seating area. Canmore Golf & Curling Club is 1.5 km away. Show more 8.5 Very good 1,998 reviews Price fromCAD 150per night Check availability Stoneridge Mountain Resort Hotel in Canmore This all-suite hotel in Canmore is within 15 minutes' drive of Banff National Park. Each spacious suite offers a full kitchen, a deck or patio and free WiFi. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 628 reviews Price fromCAD 215.28per night Check availability Blackstone Mountain Lodge by CLIQUE Hotel in Canmore Offering an outdoor pool and a fitness centre, Blackstone Mountain Lodge is located in Canmore. Free Wi-Fi access is available in all rooms. Canmore city centre is 4 minutes’ drive away. Show more 8.9 Fabulous 853 reviews Price fromCAD 157.46per night Check availability Solara Resort by Bellstar Hotels Hotel in Canmore Featuring an on-site spa and hot tub, this all-suite hotel is 5 minutes' drive from the Canmore Golf and Curling Club. A balcony and free WiFi is provided in all rooms. Show more 8.0 Very good 544 reviews Price fromCAD 199per night Check availability The Malcolm Hotel Hotel in Canmore Located in Canmore, The Malcolm Hotel features an outdoor swimming pool, hot tubs and BBQ facilities. This luxury hotel offers free WiFi. Show more 8.9 Fabulous 691 reviews Price fromCAD 299per night Check availability See all 67 hotels in Canmore Cheapest time to stay in Canmore In January you can stay in Canmore for an average price of CA$156 per night CA$538CA$431CA$323CA$215CA$108CA$0 CA$156 Jan CA$192 Feb CA$167 Mar CA$170 Apr CA$223 May CA$355 Jun CA$416 Jul CA$394 Aug CA$324 Sep CA$195 Oct CA$161 Nov CA$211 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Canmore in the past month See all MTN House By Basecamp Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 8.8 Fabulous · 401 reviews Silver Creek Lodge Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 8.2 Very good · 1,867 reviews Pocaterra Inn & Waterslide Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 8.5 Very good · 1,998 reviews Northwinds Hotel Canmore Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 8.3 Very good · 833 reviews Canmore Inn & Suites Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 6.9 Pleasant · 1,607 reviews Falcon Crest Lodge by CLIQUE Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 8.9 Fabulous · 694 reviews Rocky Mountain Ski Lodge Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 7.8 Good · 1,210 reviews Chateau Canmore Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 7.9 Good · 653 reviews Basecamp Lodge Canmore Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 8.2 Very good · 984 reviews The Malcolm Hotel Hotel in Canmore Popular with guests booking hotels in Canmore 8.9 Fabulous · 692 reviews Budget hotels in Canmore See all Banff National Park Wood lodge Hotel in Canmore Budget Hotel Set in Canmore, 21 km from Banff Park Museum, Banff National Park Wood lodge features views of the garden. Each accommodation at the 4-star hotel has mountain views and free WiFi. Location made it easy to visit both Canmore and Banff 9.4 Superb · 94 reviews MTN House By Basecamp Hotel in Canmore Budget Hotel Situated in Canmore, 25 km from The Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies, MTN House By Basecamp features accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. Exceptionally helpful and friendly staff, lovely room. Avg. price/night: CAD 143.29 8.8 Fabulous · 401 reviews Northwinds Hotel Canmore Hotel in Canmore Budget Hotel Northwinds Hotel Canmore is located in Canmore, 25 km from Banff Park Museum and 27 km from Cave and Basin National Historic Site. The asian receptionist is very helpful and welcoming Avg. price/night: CAD 127.60 8.3 Very good · 833 reviews Basecamp Suites Canmore Hotel in Canmore Budget Hotel Situated in Canmore, 26 km from The Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies, Basecamp Suites Canmore features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Nice furnishing, comfortable mattress, great location. Avg. price/night: CAD 185.36 8.5 Very good · 235 reviews Basecamp Resorts Canmore Hotel in Canmore Budget Hotel Featuring scenic views from a shared rooftop hot tub, Basecamp Resorts Canmore is set in the heart of the Canadian Rockies, 11 miles from Banff. Easy self check in..and check out, central location. Avg. price/night: CAD 162.05 8.1 Very good · 886 reviews WorldMark Canmore-Banff Hotel in Canmore Budget Hotel Located in Canmore, home of the 1988 Winter Olympics, this resort offers an outdoor pool. All units include a microwave and a refrigerator. Banff National Park is 15 minutes’ drive away. La ubicación es perfecta para vacacionar con familia ! 8.4 Very good · 136 reviews Basecamp Lodge Canmore Hotel in Canmore Budget Hotel Featuring a wood burning fireplace lounge in the lobby, Basecamp Lodge is conveniently located within walking distance to downtown Canmore plus has easy access to the highway. Excellent value. Rooms are spacious and very comfortable. Avg. price/night: CAD 138.73 8.2 Very good · 984 reviews Sunset Resorts Canmore and Spa Hotel in Canmore Budget Hotel This resort is located in the Canadian Rocky Mountains in Canmore. The resort features a hot tub. A full kitchen is offered in the guest apartments. Silvertip Golf Course is 3 km away. The place itself is amazing. Everything was lovely. 8.3 Very good · 631 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Canmore See all Chateau Canmore Hotel in Canmore Central location Set in Canmore, 25 km from The Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies, Chateau Canmore offers accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking and a restaurant. Clean comfortable room, breakfast next door was great Avg. price/night: CAD 130.48 7.9 Good · 653 reviews Rocky Mountain Ski Lodge Hotel in Canmore Central location Featuring a hot tub and sauna, this Canmore hotel is only 5 minutes' drive from Banff National Park. Mountain views and a flat-screen TV are provided in every guest room. The place was always clean with comfortable linen. Avg. price/night: CAD 129.71 7.8 Good · 1,210 reviews Paradise Resort Club and Spa Hotel in Canmore Central location This all-suite property is 500 m from Canmore city centre and 25 km from the city of Banff. Each suite offers a gas fireplace, a balcony with a BBQ, and a fully equipped kitchen. adjoining rooms, pool, restaurant, location, price 7.8 Good · 284 reviews Grande Rockies Resort-Bellstar Hotels & Resorts Hotel in Canmore Central location Offering an indoor pool, this Canmore hotel features one and two bedroom suites with full kitchens and 40-inch flat-screen TVs with Blu-Ray players. Beautiful large rooms! Great pool and hot tub area. Avg. price/night: CAD 229.14 7.4 Good · 1,063 reviews Canmore Inn & Suites Hotel in Canmore Central location Located in the heart of Canmore, Canmore Inn & Suites features a three-story water slide, indoor pool and rooms with mountain views and cable TV. Location was walking distance to downtown core & restaurants. Avg. price/night: CAD 108.67 6.9 Pleasant · 1,607 reviews Sunset Mountain Inn Hotel in Canmore Central location This hotel is 5 minutes' walk from Canmore town centre. A gym and lounge area are featured. All guest rooms include a microwave and refrigerator. Free WiFi is provided. Access to a kids pool and hot tub. Walking distance to downtown Canmore. 6.9 Pleasant · 107 reviews FAQs about hotels in Canmore How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Canmore? On average, 3-star hotels in Canmore cost CAD 215 per night, and 4-star hotels in Canmore are CAD 305 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Canmore can on average be found for CAD 425 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Canmore for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 151 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Canmore for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 274 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Canmore will cost around CAD 963 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Canmore are good for families? Many families visiting Canmore loved staying at Banff National Park Wood lodge, Blackstone Mountain Lodge by CLIQUE and Falcon Crest Lodge by CLIQUE. What are the best hotels to stay in Canmore? Banff National Park Wood lodge, Pocaterra Inn & Waterslide and Silver Creek Lodge are some of the popular hotels in Canmore. What hotels in Canmore offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Canmore that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Northwinds Hotel Canmore, Pocaterra Inn & Waterslide and Super 8 by Wyndham Canmore. What hotels in Canmore are good for couples? These hotels in Canmore are highly rated by couples: Falcon Crest Lodge by CLIQUE, The Malcolm Hotel and Stoneridge Mountain Resort. What hotels in Canmore have nice views? The Malcolm Hotel, Pocaterra Inn & Waterslide and WorldMark Canmore-Banff have received great reviews from travellers in Canmore regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Learn more about visiting Canmore 4 attractions 2 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Canmore Skiing 291 reviews Food trip 2,899 reviews Lakes 416 reviews Romantic 1,507 reviews Great outdoors 860 reviews Relax in nature 490 reviews What guests said about Canmore: 10 Canmore is a charming, cozy town embraced by majestic... Canmore is a charming, cozy town embraced by majestic mountains—a perfect destination for a weekend escape from Calgary. The picturesque surroundings and welcoming atmosphere make it an ideal retreat. Valeriia Canada 10 Canmore is a bustling little town and yet tranquil. Canmore is a bustling little town and yet tranquil. Just a few feet from the main street the noise disappears and the surrounding are breathtaking. Dark skies at night are a wonder. The restaurants are many and varies, our fav was Bridgette. We never used the car but walked everywhere including to Quarry lake. Virginia Canada 8.0 I had been Stoneridge mountain resort for 4 times at Canmore... I had been Stoneridge mountain resort for 4 times at Canmore. It is really good for travelers to stay for visit Banff town and Banff national park since Canmore close to everything. The location and price are just fine! You can buy food from supermarket near by and cook food as you like at the resort. It is really comfortable to stay at the beautiful town of Canmore! I like it and may come again! 10 Really loved Canmore. Easy access to shops. Really loved Canmore. Easy access to shops. Lots of eating places of good quality. We visited the Arts Centre for a comedians evening, great fun. The Legion was nice for a drink too. Although we didn’t have enough time to try some others would recommend Wood and Alder for a bite to eat. Would like to have visited some of the places that produce food and beverages. Jac 10 Gorgeous town surrounded by mountains! Gorgeous town surrounded by mountains! Not as busy as Banff. Easy to park anywhere around town and there is even a free lot that we stumbled onto. Great restaurants and shops! Loved the Policeman’s Boardwalk! Will stay here again on our next visit to the mountains. Jarman 10 Lovely little town just 15 minutes away from Banff National... Lovely little town just 15 minutes away from Banff National Park. WE stayed here to visit the park and avoid the touristy crowds of Banff Town or Lake Louise, and it was the best decision – would definitely stay here again if I come back to Alberta. I would certainly recommend Canmore Brewing Company and much of the town centre. Lots of parking space around town so it is very easy to get around. Nuria Spain Explore guest reviews of hotels in Canmore See all Stoneridge Mountain Resort Canmore From CAD 254.60 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 628 reviews Location of hotel is great for spending the day in either Canmore or driving 15 mins to Banff. We stayed on main floor next to Black Dog Cafe. The bathroom access is part of the hotel so occasional noise but otherwise good stay. Hotel went above and beyond with bookings for Hot Tub and pool. Worked great for us and would call us if our time was available. You have everything you need with the kitchen and the bbq outside every room is a bonus that we took advantage of. Mel Canada Rundle Chalets Canmore From CAD 93.01 per night 7.0 Good · 1,935 reviews Very nice cabin stay! Has the good cabin smell we all love. Equipped for cooking if you need. The fireplace was amazing!! We bought some kindling and firewood from Canadian tire. It was soooo warm, we made s’mores! I think this would be great for groups of friends looking for a more personal stay, rather than hotels! Very good location, in between Banff and Canmore, good view of the mountains. We will definitely stay again in the summer! langer Canada Pocaterra Inn & Waterslide Canmore From CAD 163.50 per night 8.5 Very good · 1,998 reviews The morning breakfast was plentiful and hours of food service were excellent. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The Pocaterra is Pet friendly a plus, however charging $25. Per night for a 6lb. Dog is excessive. They provided dog bowls which were too large for our pet, the dog bed was an old hotel blanket, so we feel that does not warrant such a charge. A nice sized pool and water slide, more family oriented. Shirley Canada Days Inn by Wyndham Canmore Canmore 7.3 Good · 380 reviews All the staff we encountered were extremely pleasant and nice. The hotel is being renovated and I'm not sure how much is complete, but our room looked fantastic - very modern and fresh. Although it's not in a very quiet location (like almost ALL accom in Canmore) we didn't hear the noise from the railway or highway at all. Inside the hotel it's quite quiet, although the room doors are a little on the clunky side. JennnnnG Canada The Malcolm Hotel Canmore From CAD 348.07 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 692 reviews This is a fabulous hotel and is kept spotlessly clean. The scenery is stunning. Both sides of the hotel have a little river running and the mountains are just wonderful that surrounds the hotel. Just a five minute walk and you are right into the heart of Canmore, which is a very quaint little town. The people everywhere are just lovely. Highly recommend this to anyone. jane United Kingdom White Spruce Lodge by Spring Creek Vacations Canmore 9.5 Exceptional · 196 reviews Clean, modern , easy to find and access . Everything that was needed was already in the suite, from kitchen items, to laundry machine, to BBQ,a home away from home, but like a modern hotel living . Plus underground parking. And beautiful paths to bike or walk to downtown Canmore. Strongly recommend, loved our stay there. LIVIA Canada Spring Creek Vacations Canmore 9.4 Superb · 242 reviews Comfort the amenities and location. Spring Creek has its own grocery store and cafe which were both lovely High specification with luxury appliances. Would highly recommend. Preferred Canmore to Banff as it was less touristy. Within walking distance to Downtown with good choice of bars and shops. Julie United Kingdom Super 8 by Wyndham Canmore Canmore From CAD 160.23 per night 8.3 Very good · 644 reviews The hotel is well located right on one of Canmore's main streets. The room as a good kitchenette and utensils in case you wish to prepare something to eat. Rooms and bathrooms are good in size and the beds are very comfortable dayannevalenti Nicaragua Coast Canmore Hotel & Conference Centre Canmore From CAD 151.73 per night 8.0 Very good · 1,495 reviews I really loved the dog-friendly details for our room - comfy dog bed, dishes, and special snack! Hotel is in a great location - easy walking distance to downtown Canmore and next to some great coffee shops and restaurants. Karen Canada Rundle Rise - Spacious Condo Steps from Main Street Canmore 9.1 Superb · 47 reviews Spacious condo, also comfortable beds, and looks just like the pictures. It’s right in the middle of downtown Canmore where we could access shops and restaurants by foot and only a 23 minute drive to downtown Banff. A Adrianna Canada Canmore Rocky Mountain Inn Canmore From CAD 159.14 per night 7.6 Good · 852 reviews The location of the property was great! 20 minute walk from downtown. The bed was comfortable and the staff was polite. I think this location is a great choice if you’re not spending much time in the hotel room. Alessandra Canada MTN House By Basecamp Canmore From CAD 143.29 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 401 reviews The hotel was very clean! The beds were comfortable and the room was very large. The location was great. Very close to Canmore and 15 minutes from Banff downtown. The staff are nice and welcoming! Little United States Rundle Mountain Lodge Canmore From CAD 178.08 per night 7.0 Good · 1,970 reviews It had pretty standard hotel amenities: shampoo and stuff, tv etc. It was cheap. Bed wasn't bad. It is an older motel, but they're clearly taking steps to update it (new carpets and stuff). Jonathan Canada Rundle Mountain RV Park Canmore 6.5 Pleasant · 121 reviews This accommodation was the last available option under $250 within one of Canada's most visited tourist areas. I was excited that we didn't have to pay $400 for a hotel room. N Nathaniel Canada Fenwick Vacation Rentals OPEN Pool & Hot tub Canmore From CAD 601.90 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 91 reviews Location to Canmore attractions is good, the unit is nice and spacious. Pet friendly was a bonus . The outside seating area to the road was nice. Karen Canada Canmore Downtown Hostel Canmore From CAD 109.90 per night 9.1 Superb · 1,404 reviews Great location and very clean overall. The front desk ladies were top notch! Still a lot less expensive than even the cheapest hotel. Danielle Canada Copperstone Resort - Mountain View 2 Bedroom Condo Canmore 8.0 Very good · 14 reviews The quiet location away from the bustle of Banff/Canmore, the beautiful hot tub and having much more space than a hotel. Laurie Canada The Malcolm Hotel Canmore From CAD 348.07 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 692 reviews Amazing views and location! The property and rooms are beautiful! I would highly recommend this hotel! Gieringer Canada Rocky Mountain Ski Lodge Canmore From CAD 129.71 per night 7.8 Good · 1,210 reviews The cheapest among the hotels around with a group of 6 people. Close to market and restaurants. Alger United States Quality Resort Chateau Canmore Canmore 7.8 Good · 913 reviews The hotel is in excellent condition, clean and conveniently located in the heart of Canmore. HaranHS Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Toronto Take a look at hotels in Toronto and explore more of Canada. Hotels in Niagara Falls Discover another destination in Canada. Hotels in Calgary Find more hotels in a city close to Calgary. Hotels in Banff Find more hotels in a city close to Banff. Hotels in Banff National Park Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Alberta Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Hinton Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Hinton, also popular with our guests! Hotels in Jasper Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Harvie Heights Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Canmore Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1847760,1866460,1870380|3,1871440,1870380,1870380|6,1846890,1847760|3