The 10 best hotels close to Times Square in New York, United States Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels near Times Square, New York Enter your dates and choose from 182 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United States New York Times Square Featured hotels near Times Square Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Casablanca Hotel by Library Hotel Collection Hotel in Manhattan, New York (0.1 km from Times Square) This boutique Manhattan hotel is located in the Theater District and steps from Times Square. The hotel offers a daily continental breakfast, free Wi-Fi and 24-hour access to refreshments. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 227 reviews Price from CAD 364 per night Check availability LUMA Hotel - Times Square Hotel in Manhattan, New York (0.3 km from Times Square) Located 300 metres from Times Square in New York, LUMA Hotel - Times Square features a restaurant and free WiFi throughout the property. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Show more Show less 9 Superb 3,393 reviews Price from CAD 399 per night Check availability Hotel Scherman Manhattan, New York (0.5 km from Times Square) Hotel Scherman is a boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan. All rooms feature pillow-top mattresses and guests will have access to daily newspapers and housekeeping services A continental breakfast is... Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 2,025 reviews Price from CAD 377 per night Check availability Hard Rock Hotel New York Hotel in Manhattan, New York (0.3 km from Times Square) Situated conveniently in New York, Hard Rock Hotel New York offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 5-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 2,009 reviews Price from CAD 404 per night Check availability Bryant Park Hotel Hotel in Manhattan, New York (0.5 km from Times Square) Located in central Manhattan and across the street from Bryant Park, this boutique hotel offers complimentary WiFi and gym. New York Public Library is 161 metres from the property. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 1,050 reviews Price from CAD 331 per night Check availability Park Terrace Hotel Hotel in Manhattan, New York (0.6 km from Times Square) Offering free 1GB WiFi, Park Terrace Hotel offers accommodations in Midtown Manhattan, steps from Bryant Park and the New York Public Library. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 3,195 reviews Price from CAD 326 per night Check availability See more properties near Times Square Top 10 trending hotels near Times Square Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Millennium Hotel Broadway Times Square 4 stars Hotel in New York #1 Booked hotel near Times Square 7.2 Good 7,640 reviews The Gallivant Times Square 4 stars Hotel in New York #2 Booked hotel near Times Square 6.2 Review score 5,764 reviews The New Yorker, A Wyndham Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York #3 Booked hotel near Times Square 7.7 Good 13,099 reviews Paramount Hotel Times Square 4 stars Hotel in New York #4 Booked hotel near Times Square 6.5 Review score 4,805 reviews Park Central 4 stars Hotel in New York #5 Booked hotel near Times Square 7.4 Good 4,206 reviews M Social Hotel Times Square New York 4 stars Hotel in New York #6 Booked hotel near Times Square 8.4 Very good 8,806 reviews The Manhattan at Times Square 4 stars Hotel in New York #7 Booked hotel near Times Square 5.6 Review score 6,219 reviews Hotel Edison Times Square 4 stars Hotel in New York #8 Booked hotel near Times Square 7.4 Good 13,868 reviews Pod Times Square 4 stars Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York #9 Booked hotel near Times Square 8.1 Very good 18,878 reviews Hyatt Place New York City/Times Square 4 stars Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York #10 Booked hotel near Times Square 7.6 Good 20,156 reviews See more hotels near Times Square Millennium Hotel Broadway Times Square 4 stars Hotel in Manhattan, New York #1 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 7.2 Good 7,640 reviews M Social Hotel Times Square New York 4 stars Hotel in Manhattan, New York #2 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 8.4 Very good 8,806 reviews Hyatt Place New York/Midtown-South 4 stars Hotel in Manhattan, New York #3 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 8.1 Very good 2,780 reviews Hilton Garden Inn New York Central Park South-Midtown West 4 stars Hotel in Manhattan, New York #4 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 7.2 Good 7,579 reviews Doubletree By Hilton New York Times Square West 4 stars Hotel in Manhattan, New York #5 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 7.0 Good 15,127 reviews Pod Times Square 4 stars Hotel in Manhattan, New York #6 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 8.1 Very good 18,878 reviews Hyatt Place New York City/Times Square 4 stars Hotel in Manhattan, New York #7 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 7.6 Good 20,156 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton New York Times Square South 4 stars Hotel in Manhattan, New York #8 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 7.9 Good 5,667 reviews Riu Plaza Manhattan Times Square 4 stars Hotel in Manhattan, New York #9 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 8.6 Fabulous 9,928 reviews The Herald by LuxUrban, Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in Manhattan, New York #10 Wish-listed hotel near Times Square 7.8 Good 5,218 reviews See more hotels near Times Square Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Times Square See all The Langham, New York, Fifth Avenue Hotel in Manhattan, New York Breakfast options Located in Midtown Manhattan, between Bryant Park and the Empire State Building, this hotel offers rooms with iPod docking stations. Room is big, clean and staff are very friendly Show more Show less From CAD 769 per night 9.2 Superb 403 reviews Hard Rock Hotel New York Hotel in Manhattan, New York Breakfast options Situated conveniently in New York, Hard Rock Hotel New York offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 5-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. My stay at the resort was beautiful. There were a plethora of amenities. Show more Show less From CAD 404 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,009 reviews Riu Plaza Manhattan Times Square Hotel in Manhattan, New York Breakfast options Ideally situated in New York, Riu Plaza Manhattan Times Square features air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a business centre. very central, breakfast was fantastic, rooms lovely Show more Show less From CAD 283 per night 8.6 Fabulous 9,928 reviews Arlo Midtown Hotel in Manhattan, New York Breakfast options Arlo Midtown has free bikes, fitness centre, a shared lounge and terrace in New York. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, a business centre and free WiFi. The location was very good and the views from the room was exactly what we wanted from a hotel in... Show more Show less From CAD 275 per night 8.7 Fabulous 4,792 reviews La Quinta by Wyndham Time Square South Hotel in Manhattan, New York Breakfast options Located in New York, less than 1 km from Macy's, La Quinta by Wyndham Time Square South provides air-conditioned rooms and a shared lounge. The staff was amazing and ofcourse the free cookies after 5pm! Show more Show less From CAD 194 per night 8.2 Very good 3,266 reviews Wingate by Wyndham New York Midtown South/5th Ave Hotel in Manhattan, New York Breakfast options In a prime location in the Fifth Avenue district of New York, Wingate by Wyndham New York Midtown South/5th Ave is situated 600 metres from Macy's, 500 metres from Empire State Building and 1.3 km... Staff very accommodating and helpful..clean room Safe place Show more Show less From CAD 209 per night 8.1 Very good 1,837 reviews SpringHill Suites by Marriott New York Manhattan/Times Square South Hotel in Manhattan, New York Breakfast options Set in the Hell's Kitchen district of New York, SpringHill Suites New York Manhattan/Times Square South offers a fitness centre. Very courteous and polite staff. Breakfast was just right. Location was close to all I needed. Show more Show less From CAD 286 per night 8.0 Very good 6,095 reviews Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott New York Manhattan/Times Square South Hotel in Manhattan, New York Breakfast options Attractively set in the Hell's Kitchen district of New York, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott New York Manhattan/Times Square South is situated 600 metres from Madison Square Garden, 1.1 km from... We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, don't understand why so many bad reviews. Show more Show less From CAD 254 per night 8.1 Very good 6,452 reviews Budget hotels near Times Square See all Pod Times Square Hotel in Manhattan, New York Budget Hotel Located 400 metres from Restaurant Row in New York, Pod Times Square features a restaurant, bar and free WiFi throughout the property. Rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV. this size of accommodation is ideal for solo travelers Show more Show less From CAD 120 per night 8.1 Very good 18,878 reviews The Historic Mayfair Hotel Times Square, Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel in Manhattan, New York Budget Hotel The newly renovated Historic Mayfair Hotel in the NYC Theater District Located in the heart of Manhattan’s Theater District and just a short walk from world-famous Times Square, is the newly revamped... Show more Show less From CAD 122 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review citizenM New York Times Square Hotel in Manhattan, New York Budget Hotel Located right in the heart of Manhattan, this hotel is just 1 minute's walk from Times Square and within 5 minutes' walk of Central Park and Columbus Circle. Excellent location, great service, very clean. Nice room, small but very functional Show more Show less From CAD 269 per night 8.6 Fabulous 3,516 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Times Square West Hotel in Manhattan, New York Budget Hotel This Midtown Manhattan hotel is 643.7 metres away from the Penn Station and is a 8 minutes' walk from Times Square. It features a spacious lobby and an outdoor atrium. Bryant Park is 1.1 km away. Amazing location at the heart of NYC. Show more Show less From CAD 230 per night 8.2 Very good 2,528 reviews AC Hotel by Marriott New York Times Square Hotel in Manhattan, New York Budget Hotel Ideally set in the centre of New York, AC Hotel by Marriott New York Times Square offers air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. Staff at the reception desk was great, particularly Mrs. Lukac. Show more Show less From CAD 283 per night 8.3 Very good 785 reviews 3 West Club Hotel in Manhattan, New York Budget Hotel Offering a restaurant, 3 West Club is located in Midtown New York. Each room here offers seasonal air-conditioning, free WiFi, a coffee maker, cable TV, and a private bathroom with a bathtub. very close to major interest points. Show more Show less From CAD 239 per night 8.6 Fabulous 439 reviews Courtyard by Marriott New York Manhattan/ Fifth Avenue Hotel in Manhattan, New York Budget Hotel Courtyard Manhattan is a 30 floor-high building with a prestigious location on Fifth Avenue near New York City's Fashion District. It features rooms with panoramic city views and a well-equipped gym. Great location, very clean, very helpful and friendly staff. Free tea and coffee. Show more Show less From CAD 242 per night 8.0 Very good 998 reviews Executive Class at MTS Hotel Hotel in Manhattan, New York Budget Hotel Located just 5 minutes' walk from Rockefeller Plaza in New York City, Executive Class at MTS Hotel features free WiFi access and private parking. The staff, room size and cleanliness, location Show more Show less From CAD 258 per night 6.7 Review score 173 reviews Hotels with great access to Times Square! See all LUMA Hotel - Times Square Hotel in Manhattan, New York Great location Located 300 metres from Times Square in New York, LUMA Hotel - Times Square features a restaurant and free WiFi throughout the property. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Extremely helpful, prime location, had luggage storage for before and after check-in. Show more Show less From CAD 399 per night 9.0 Superb 3,393 reviews Bryant Park Hotel Hotel in Manhattan, New York Great location Located in central Manhattan and across the street from Bryant Park, this boutique hotel offers complimentary WiFi and gym. New York Public Library is 161 metres from the property. the room is bigger than normal room in New York and very clean. Show more Show less From CAD 331 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,050 reviews Park Terrace Hotel Hotel in Manhattan, New York Great location Offering free 1GB WiFi, Park Terrace Hotel offers accommodations in Midtown Manhattan, steps from Bryant Park and the New York Public Library. Great host. Thanks Levi:) Very kind and super helpfully people. And amazing tarrace. Show more Show less From CAD 326 per night 8.7 Fabulous 3,195 reviews The Times Square EDITION New York Hotel in Manhattan, New York Great location The Times Square EDITION introduces the next generation of modern luxury. The staff , location , and the atmosphere of the hotel was truly amazing . Show more Show less From CAD 356 per night 8.6 Fabulous 954 reviews Archer Hotel New York Hotel in Manhattan, New York Great location Located 322 metres from Bryant Park, Archer Hotel New York offers complimentary WiFi. Times Square is less than a kilometer away from the hotel. Very central location. Room was very well appointed, clean, bed very comfortable. Staff helpful. Show more Show less From CAD 254 per night 8.6 Fabulous 923 reviews Tempo By Hilton New York Times Square Hotel in Manhattan, New York Great location Tempo By Hilton New York Times Square has a fitness centre, shared lounge, a terrace and restaurant in New York. Everything! The room is good size I love how it’s tech savvy, everything is modern. Show more Show less From CAD 258 per night 8.5 Very good 253 reviews Renaissance New York Times Square Hotel Hotel in Manhattan, New York Great location The Renaissance New York Times Square is located in Theatre District and features 312 soundproofed guests rooms spread over 26 floors. It has 7 terrace guest rooms and 5 suites. Location was perfect for sightseeing, everything you need is on the doorstep, yet the hotel feels... Show more Show less From CAD 287 per night 8.5 Very good 1,800 reviews Kimpton Hotel Theta, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Manhattan, New York Great location Ideally situated within 1 block of Times Square and a subway station, this Manhattan hotel offers guests free Wi-Fi and in-room safes. Location to start with and spacious rooms . Show more Show less From CAD 218 per night 8.5 Very good 25 reviews Times Square Alive with billboards and brightly-lit screens, Times Square thrums with energy. Yellow taxis fly past and tourists pause awestruck to snap photos on their phones. The bustle of New York summed up in one crossroads, every element competes for your attention. It may be often recreated for film and TV, but nothing beats seeing this iconic location up-close. Planning a trip to see the Times Square? Check out the latest reviews and scores 6.0 It’s good to see ones and for the theatre otherwise too busy... It’s good to see ones and for the theatre otherwise too busy, however there is a nice dinner by the American flag and nypd it’s called Brooklyn dinner also another good one where they sing show tunes further up where Chicago is on . Show more Show less Neil United Kingdom 10 Superb place at any time during the day. Superb place at any time during the day. Specially after 3:00 PM when most theaters release all the available seats at the amazing shows for that evening. Great place to stop and have something to eat after the shows. Amazing feeling of a city that has a hard time to sleep at night. Show more Show less Houston Ian traveler United States 6.0 Not really very much to see other than buildings with lights... Not really very much to see other than buildings with lights on it was noisy messy and not actually a square. We thought it would be a bit like leister square in London but it literally was just some building s we nearly walked past it. Show more Show less Dawn United Kingdom 10 I love times square. I love times square. Plenty to see and do. Lots of restaurants ranging from reasonable to pricy. Shop around. If you stay in times square, Central Park, Lincoln Center and Carnagie Hall are all within walking distance. Show more Show less Henry United States 8.0 Times Square is something that has to be seen to truly... Times Square is something that has to be seen to truly appreciate. However, be prepared to be overwhelmed with the amount of people and the sensory overload! Don't pose for pictures with or even interact with the characters in costumes, unless you intend to pay them. If you want to see Times Square at the least stressful time, go at 3am. And the best food in NYC is NOT in Times Square. Show more Show less KarlaOlson United States 2.0 My comments are only negative because everything got shut... My comments are only negative because everything got shut down and our trips were all cancelled due to Coronavirus so everywhere was either shut or empty. Just bad timing but lucky to have survived the experience. Show more Show less Jan United Kingdom People are talking about Times Square! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "Times Square" See all Bowery Grand Hotel Lower East Side, New York From CAD 61 per night 3.6 Review score 1,169 reviews New York is a challenging urban environment and exremely expensive, and this little old hotel on the lower Eastside, on Bowery, quite reminiscent of an oriental establishment, is about as good a deal as anyone on a tight budget can expect. Everything necessary is provided, there are good clean bathrooms with plentiful hot water, and the staff and longer-term guests are quite accommodating. It's a nice hour's walk up Broadway to Times Square, and lots to see and do on the way. Show more Show less james Australia San Carlos Hotel New York Hotel in Midtown East, New York From CAD 302 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,579 reviews The location was perfect for visiting New York City. It's close to the subway station and within walking distance of Central Park - Times Square - Rockefeller Center- Fifth Avenue, etc The mini Kitchener in our room was very helpful. The room was spacious with very comfortable beds. The staff was friendly and willing to help. We highly recommend the hotel to N.Y. visitors. We had a wonderful experience. Show more Show less GEORGIOS Greece Hilton New York Times Square Hotel in New York From CAD 227 per night 7.6 Good 506 reviews Firstly the room's view was absolutely amazing of New York City as you are in the centre of Times Square , the staff were broadly first class and amazing always willing to help . It was all very accessible in terms of knowing where everything was in the hotel . Also, the concierge were amazing in the check in and check out without error or flaw. Well worth staying at in my view Show more Show less Daud United Kingdom M Social Hotel Times Square New York Hotel in New York From CAD 298 per night 8.4 Very good 8,806 reviews We requested a room high up and were given one on the 24th floor facing Times Square. The rooms are typical small standard business hotel type ones, and anywhere else they would be expensive, but in New York, given the proximity to Times Square, they're well priced if you're on a budget. The Balcony view of Times Square is also a big plus. Show more Show less Andrew Austria Fairfield Inn & Suites By Marriott New York Manhattan/Times Square Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York From CAD 310 per night 7.9 Good 5,332 reviews The hotel's biggest advantage is its location, close to Times Square. The rooms are smaller, but that's typical in New York, and we expected that. Comfortable beds, a spacious bathroom, and everything is clean. The staff is excellent, both at the reception and especially the breakfast service.Excellent coffee at breakfast (Starbucks). Show more Show less Olina Czech Republic Paramount Hotel Times Square Hotel in New York From CAD 141 per night 6.5 Review score 4,805 reviews Location was exceptional! It is in the heart of New York (Times Square) and right next to all the attractions in the center. The hotel is neat, has a good vibe, has the basics you need. If you are going to stay there as a tourist and need a place for a night sleep it serves the purpose since its not a fancy hotel. Show more Show less Muhanned Libya Doubletree By Hilton New York Times Square West Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York From CAD 194 per night 7.0 Good 15,127 reviews Great location for tourists. We had events booked at MSG, which was a short walk, as was Times Square. Citibike it the local bikeshare scheme in New York, we found the e-bikes were fantastic for getting around the city and there was a bike rack close to the hotel so that was handy. Show more Show less cofotony United Kingdom Hotel Boutique at Grand Central Hotel in Midtown East, New York From CAD 207 per night 7.8 Good 1,745 reviews Perfect stay in New York, close to the public transportation and walking distance to Times Square checkout at 12 but we had the chance to leave the luggages in the hotel to stay in NYC also in the afternoon would recommend! Show more Show less Luca Italy Aliz Hotel Times Square Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York From CAD 263 per night 7.9 Good 4,788 reviews The hotel is very modern and the room was a decent size for New York. The room was spotless and the beds were super comfortable. Location was great and just a short walk to Times Square. Show more Show less Janine United Kingdom The Belvedere Hotel Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York From CAD 201 per night 8.0 Very good 4,796 reviews Smack in the middle of Hell’s Kitchen district. Few minutes from Times Square. Clean room. Not as expensive as most New York hotels Show more Show less Henriette Denmark What guests said about Times Square: We began at 10 am and were back at our Times Square hotel by 4 pm Choose a substantial section of the city, say Lower Manhattan, plot the sights you wish to see on a map so that you do not have to retrace your steps, take public transit to your starting point and begin your exploration. We started at the 9/11 Memorial and worked our way north, including City Hall, the Merchant's House, Chinatown, the Bowery, Washington Square, the White Horse Tavern, the High Line and the Garment District. Of course, there were all kinds of surprises, which added to the experience. We began at 10 am and were back at our Times Square hotel by 4 pm. Show more Show less John Canada The standard of performance is so high, and the atmosphere as you spill out towards Times Square afterwards is unforgettable The Broadway experience is such a classic part of going to New York. The standard of performance is so high, and the atmosphere as you spill out towards Times Square afterwards is unforgettable. Show more Show less Martin United Kingdom Statue of Liberty, Empire State, Top of The Rock, Times Square are things you must visit who you're there Well, They're iconic! Statue of Liberty, Empire State, Top of The Rock, Times Square are things you must visit who you're there! Show more Show less Anonymous You can walk the stretch of Broadway and Times Square and you' There are so many historical sights and architecture to see and behold. You can walk the stretch of Broadway and Times Square and you'll see many attractions already. Show more Show less Clarinda United Arab Emirates Times Square is very busy as are most of the main tourist attractions, but the hop on hop off busses are great or if you don't mind walking choose another street other than broadway and it is far easier to walk down Times Square is very busy as are most of the main tourist attractions, but the hop on hop off busses are great or if you don't mind walking choose another street other than broadway and it is far easier to walk down Show more Show less Tom United Kingdom Times Square on the weekend (first weekend in June) was a zoo - too crowded Visit the city during the week. You could visit locations without being mobbed. Times Square on the weekend (first weekend in June) was a zoo - too crowded. Show more Show less Anonymous Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near John F. Kennedy International Airport Find hotels conveniently close to one of the country's most popular airports – perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Newark Liberty International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Brooklyn Find more hotels in a city close to Times Square. Hotels in Queens Find more hotels in a city close to Times Square. Hotels in Bronx Find more hotels in a city close to Times Square. Hotels in New York Top hotels to explore Times Square and the city at large. Flights from London to New York Need to book flights for your trip? Find and compare prices for this and other popular routes right here on Booking.com. Hotels in Manhattan Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. When to visit the United States Events, prices, the weather and more. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870070