The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Perth, Australia - Perth hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Perth Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Perth hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Australia Western Australia Perth Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Perth – 627 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Aloft Perth 4 stars Hotel in Perth Featuring free WiFi and modern amenities, Aloft Perth offers modern accommodation in Perth. Karen Ireland The hotel and rooms were so modern and clean. The view was really great too. Will bring the kids back next time as has so many activities for them too. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 2,879 reviews Price from CAD 196 per night Check availability Rydges Perth Kings Square 4 stars Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Rydges Perth Kings Square brings Perth to you – in close proximity to Perth CBD and RAC Arena, you’re just minutes away from everything. Mel United Kingdom Rooms lovely and spacious. Fantastic coffee at reception as well! If you're staying 2 nights or more and don't need room service by hanging the door hanger to let them know you get a free coffee the next morning and it's amazing! Didnt use coffee machine in room. Great location! Especially as we went to the comedy lounge just up the road. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 1,726 reviews Price from CAD 169 per night Check availability Rose & Crown Hotel 3.5 stars Hotel in Perth Built in 1841, the historic Rose & Crown Hotel features free Wi-Fi, 3 restaurants and a bar. Surrounded by shops and cafés on leafy Swan Street, it offers rooms with a flat-screen TV. Donna New Zealand We loved the area the beautiful historic buildings. We stayed during the week so weren’t able to sample your breakfast but the meals we had in the restaurant were delicious. I would definitely recommend the Rose and Crown. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 1,058 reviews Price from CAD 161 per night Check availability Quality Hotel Bayswater 3 stars Hotel in Perth Situated across the road from Bayswater Station, Quality Hotel Bayswater features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and free onsite parking. Perth is 8 km away. Te Wani David Australia Meals, breakfast, car security, very friendly staff, Bar service all fantastic Show more Show less 7.8 Good 775 reviews Price from CAD 135 per night Check availability Criterion Hotel Perth 3.5 stars Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Offering free Wi-Fi, a 24/7 front desk, Criterion Hotel Perth is just 5 minutes' walk from bars, shops and restaurants of Perth CBD (Central Business District). Karen Australia location, staff, room size, comfortable bed Show more Show less 6.7 Review score 836 reviews Price from CAD 117 per night Check availability COMO The Treasury 5 stars Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Set in stunning buildings from the mid-19th Century, COMO The Treasury is wonderfully located in the Perth CBD. Sjakon Indonesia it was the most luxurious and comfortable hotel I have ever stayed in in Australia. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 317 reviews Price from CAD 866 per night Check availability Vibe Hotel Subiaco Perth 4.5 stars Hotel in Subiaco, Perth Situated in Perth, 3.8 km from Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre, Vibe Hotel Subiaco Perth features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a shared... Shivangi India The location was convenient and close to supermarkets and various restaurants and bars. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 2,018 reviews Price from CAD 209 per night Check availability Doubletree By Hilton Perth Waterfront 4 stars Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Featuring panoramic views of Perth's city skyline and a rooftop infinity pool, Doubletree By Hilton Perth Waterfront is situated in Elizabeth Quay, with access to local attractions and experiences... Aand3 India Staff were courteous and the views were stunning ! 18 onces bar was amazing ! Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 3,551 reviews Price from CAD 195 per night Check availability Novotel Perth Murray Street 4.5 stars Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Set in Perth, 1 km from Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre, Novotel Perth Murray Street offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Leigh South Africa Modern and stylish. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Delicious food. Would stay again. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 2,471 reviews Price from CAD 185 per night Check availability Art Series - The Adnate 5 stars Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Art Series - The Adnate has an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre, a restaurant and bar in Perth. With free WiFi, this 5-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a concierge service. Paul Netherlands location is superb, rooms are spacious, all is clean and comfortabel, pool is lovely, staff is friendly and 24/7 available. we return to this hotel when returning to Perth! Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 2,199 reviews Price from CAD 185 per night Check availability See all 283 hotels in Perth Most booked hotels in Perth in the past month See all Rendezvous Hotel Perth Scarborough Hotel in Scarborough, Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 7.7 Good · 7,135 reviews Hyatt Regency Perth Hotel in East Perth, Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 7.9 Good · 2,894 reviews Crown Metropol Perth Hotel in Burswood, Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 8.0 Very good · 4,333 reviews Great Southern Hotel Perth Hotel in Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 7.9 Good · 4,853 reviews Duxton Hotel Perth Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 8.6 Fabulous · 3,783 reviews Crown Promenade Perth Hotel in Burswood, Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 8.1 Very good · 5,320 reviews Pensione Hotel Perth Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 8.0 Very good · 3,244 reviews Novotel Perth Murray Street Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 8.3 Very good · 2,471 reviews Crown Towers Perth Hotel in Burswood, Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 8.4 Very good · 4,645 reviews Oaks Perth Hotel Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Popular with guests booking hotels in Perth 7.8 Good · 1,609 reviews Perth's best hotels with breakfast See all Doubletree By Hilton Perth Northbridge Hotel in Northbridge, Perth Breakfast options New in 2018, Doubletree By Hilton Perth Northbridge is located in the cultural, dining and entertainment hub in Perth city and welcomes guests with its signature, warm DoubleTree chocolate chip cookie... I asked for a specific room and they catered for me.x Avg. price/night: CAD 148.68 8.3 Very good · 3,895 reviews QT Perth Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Breakfast options QT Perth is a luxurious, designer, urban hotel in the centre of Perth City, ideal for those who love to shop, dine and indulge. Everything was very nice , i loved the colour scheme Avg. price/night: CAD 257.53 8.6 Fabulous · 2,663 reviews Aloft Perth Hotel in Perth Breakfast options Featuring free WiFi and modern amenities, Aloft Perth offers modern accommodation in Perth. Friendly staff. Parking facilities and restaurants nearby Avg. price/night: CAD 214.38 8.7 Fabulous · 2,880 reviews Rydges Perth Kings Square Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Breakfast options Rydges Perth Kings Square brings Perth to you – in close proximity to Perth CBD and RAC Arena, you’re just minutes away from everything. Convenience close to Perth city and railway station Avg. price/night: CAD 168.72 8.1 Very good · 1,725 reviews Holiday Inn West Perth, an IHG Hotel Hotel in West Perth, Perth Breakfast options Situated in Perth, 1.6 km from Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre, Holiday Inn West Perth features air-conditioned accommodation and a fitness centre. walking distance for everything- food, work and city Avg. price/night: CAD 182.99 8.4 Very good · 1,396 reviews Alex Hotel Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Breakfast options Located in Perth CBD, Alex Hotel boasts free WiFi and an onsite bar and restaurant. Guests can enjoy a drink and relax on the rooftop terrace, which offers beautiful views of the city. Beautiful modern hotel with a great central location Avg. price/night: CAD 230.08 8.7 Fabulous · 1,550 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Perth Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Breakfast options Four Points by Sheraton Perth is conveniently located opposite RAC Arena at the western end of Perth's CBD (Central Business District). Staff front office where very helpful and friendly Avg. price/night: CAD 214.38 8.1 Very good · 1,764 reviews Duxton Hotel Perth Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Breakfast options Situated in Perth CBD (Central Business District), the 5-star Duxton Hotel Perth offers luxury rooms in a great location. It was the perfect location for the Christmas pageant Avg. price/night: CAD 251.16 8.6 Fabulous · 3,783 reviews Budget hotels in Perth See all Metro Hotel Perth Hotel in South Perth, Perth Budget Hotel Metro Hotel Perth offers stylish and spacious accommodation, with most rooms enjoying panoramic views of the Swan River and Perth city. Facilities include restaurant and bar. View of river, proximity to south Perth. 24 hr service Avg. price/night: CAD 137.24 6.7 Pleasant · 2,485 reviews Great Southern Hotel Perth Hotel in Perth Budget Hotel Great Southern Hotel Perth is located just a 10-minute walk from Northbridge, the main cultural and entertainment precinct of Perth, and only a few minutes' walk from Perth CBD (Central Business... I love the room bathroom was nice the staff was nice Avg. price/night: CAD 127.37 7.9 Good · 4,853 reviews Mercure Perth On Hay Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Budget Hotel Newly refurbished Mercure Perth on Hay is located near the beautiful Swan River in the heart of Perth CBD. location was fanstastic, close to everything we needed Avg. price/night: CAD 144.50 7.3 Good · 2,538 reviews Quality Hotel Bayswater Hotel in Perth Budget Hotel Situated across the road from Bayswater Station, Quality Hotel Bayswater features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and free onsite parking. Perth is 8 km away. I liked it had secured free parking at no extra charge Avg. price/night: CAD 143.52 7.8 Good · 775 reviews Criterion Hotel Perth Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Budget Hotel Offering free Wi-Fi, a 24/7 front desk, Criterion Hotel Perth is just 5 minutes' walk from bars, shops and restaurants of Perth CBD (Central Business District). Close to city centre, it was clean, staff were nice! Avg. price/night: CAD 152.49 6.7 Pleasant · 834 reviews Metro Hotel Perth City Hotel in East Perth, Perth Budget Hotel Metro Hotel Perth City is within a 3-minute walk of Royal Perth Hospital, Perth Mint and the picturesque Swan River. The whole place .clean great location govid facilities Avg. price/night: CAD 151.59 7.1 Good · 344 reviews Crown Towers Perth Hotel in Burswood, Perth Budget Hotel Staying at Crown Towers Perth is an indulgent experience, with its expansive lagoon pools, unparalleled city views, luxurious spa facilities, state-of-the-art fitness centre and high-end boutiques. Very clean and comfortable . Breakfast was amazing 8.4 Very good · 4,642 reviews Club Wyndham Perth, Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in West Perth, Perth Budget Hotel Club Wyndham Perth, Trademark Collection by Wyndham is located in West Perth, just 10 minutes' drive from the city centre. It combines impressive architecture with stylish accommodation. Quiet location and fresh air through opening window 8.7 Fabulous · 42 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Perth See all Parmelia Hilton Perth Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Central location Located in the heart of the City, Parmelia Hilton Perth has recently undergone a $45m renovation including all guest rooms, lobby, corridors, restaurant, and the addition of a luxurious Executive... Location was perfect as i had business in the city Avg. price/night: CAD 174.60 8.6 Fabulous · 1,766 reviews Wonil Hotel Perth - Handwritten Collection Hotel in Perth Central location Wonil Hotel Perth - Handwritten Collection is situated in Perth, 2 km from Kings Park and 4.5 km from Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre. Good- a bit too much bacon and bread was a bit doughy. Avg. price/night: CAD 178.50 8.6 Fabulous · 248 reviews Rose & Crown Hotel Hotel in Perth Central location Built in 1841, the historic Rose & Crown Hotel features free Wi-Fi, 3 restaurants and a bar. Surrounded by shops and cafés on leafy Swan Street, it offers rooms with a flat-screen TV. Good quiet location Great food Close to cafe's Avg. price/night: CAD 179.40 8.6 Fabulous · 1,058 reviews The Westin Perth Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Central location Featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre, The Westin Perth is in a prime location in the heart of Perth, ideally located 200 metres from Perth Concert Hall and 300 metres from the... Everything. Location, rooms, cleanliness and staff Avg. price/night: CAD 304.08 8.5 Very good · 796 reviews Holiday Inn Perth City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Central location Located in the heart of Perth CBD (Central Business District), opposite a *FREE* city bus stop, a block from Perth Train Station and 12 km from Perth Airport, Holiday Inn Perth City Centre is an ideal... Very clean, comfortable room and a superb location. Avg. price/night: CAD 175.81 8.4 Very good · 728 reviews InterContinental Perth City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Central location InterContinental Perth City Centre, an IHG Hotel offers accommodation within the King Street precinct of Perth's CBD and just 600m from Elizabeth Quay. Great location, beautiful room with fantastic views Avg. price/night: CAD 215.28 8.4 Very good · 659 reviews Nesuto Curtin Perth Hotel Hotel in Perth Central location Nesuto Curtin Perth Hotel is located in Perth, 7.7 km from Perth Concert Hall and 8.2 km from Optus Stadium. large room comfortable stay facilitate all of my needs Avg. price/night: CAD 212.18 8.4 Very good · 266 reviews The Melbourne Hotel Hotel in Perth CBD, Perth Central location Positioned in the heart of Perth CBD (Central Business District), The Melbourne Hotel offers 5 dining options, including a rooftop bar, Aurora. Nice room, Very convenient location to the RAC Arena. Avg. price/night: CAD 195.54 8.3 Very good · 1,382 reviews FAQs about hotels in Perth How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Perth? On average, 3-star hotels in Perth cost CAD 159 per night, and 4-star hotels in Perth are CAD 201 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Perth can on average be found for CAD 337 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Perth for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Perth this weekend is CAD 181 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 257. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Perth for this weekend cost on average around CAD 312 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Perth for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 194 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Perth for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 246 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Perth will cost around CAD 431 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Perth are good for families? Many families visiting Perth loved staying at COMO The Treasury, Club Wyndham Perth, Trademark Collection by Wyndham and Alex Hotel. What are the best hotels in Perth near Crown Casino Perth? Some of the best hotels in Perth near Crown Casino Perth include Crown Towers Perth, Crown Promenade Perth and Crown Metropol Perth. What are the best hotels in Perth near Perth Airport? Travellers who stayed in Perth near Perth Airport (PER) have said good things about Ingot Hotel Perth, Ascend Hotel Collection, The Stirling Arms Hotel and Rose & Crown Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Perth? COMO The Treasury, Doubletree By Hilton Perth Waterfront and The Ritz-Carlton, Perth are some of the popular hotels in Perth. What hotels in Perth offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Perth that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try COMO The Treasury, Parmelia Hilton Perth and Art Series - The Adnate. What hotels in Perth are good for couples? These hotels in Perth are highly rated by couples: COMO The Treasury, Ingot Hotel Perth, Ascend Hotel Collection and Doubletree By Hilton Perth Waterfront. What hotels in Perth have nice views? The Ritz-Carlton, Perth, Doubletree By Hilton Perth Waterfront and Art Series - The Adnate have received great reviews from travellers in Perth regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Serene as the Swan Sun-drenched and laidback, Perth is simply a joy to be in. However, the West Australian capital does have tourist attractions, such as the Colonial-era mint, important in the country’s gold industry. East is the WACA, a must-see for cricket fans, and the city is also mad for Aussie Rules football. The city centre has the historic Government House and Supreme Court, both dwarfed by the ultra-modern skyscrapers a few streets behind. The best skyline view is from leafy King’s Park, near the War Memorial overlooking the Swan River below, named after its black swans. Across the river in Perth Zoo are more native animals including koalas, crocodiles and free-hopping kangaroos. Boats to the zoo leave from the Barrack Street jetty by a sail-shaped bell tower. Other day trips from Perth include Rottnest Island and Fremantle, down the river in the opposite direction from Perth Airport. The apartments, B&Bs and hotels in Perth are spread all over this fantastic city, interspersed with restaurants serving specialities such as western rock lobster and chilli mussels. There is also a wealth of bars, many playing the indie music that the city is known for. Local brews from the Swan Brewery and wines from the Swan Valley vineyards round off the evening. Learn more about visiting Perth 105 attractions 34 points of interest 15 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Perth: 10 Perth is a clean, friendly place. Perth is a clean, friendly place. No one in a hurry on the roads. People are happy to give you directions and information. Loved the concert Coldplay, Optus Stadium is fantastic, getting in and out was so easy and well organised. Go on these tours Segway, Thrill ride at Rottnest, The bell tower , the big red bus. The trains are clean we went for a train ride to fremental, just for a Quick Look and had a beautiful lunch at Bathers beach house. Also the Milky lane Elizabeth Quay needs a visit great food and fabulous cocktails. I’d like to avoid the heatwave 😆 that we had for the week, but still done a lot. Loved it all tracy Australia 10 better sometimes to use public buses and ferry as parking... better sometimes to use public buses and ferry as parking is sometimes hard lto find in the city . easy to get around lovely beaches and kings park has great views .optus oval close by as well as elizabeth bay lynda 10 Easy public transport, beautiful beaches and perfect weather... Easy public transport, beautiful beaches and perfect weather. Perth is so clean and welcoming to visitors. Loved the ease of access from airport to city. Take the walk from Cottesloe station to the beach and prepare to be amazed! Maree Australia 8.0 Perth & Fremantle are my home town from my younger years. Perth & Fremantle are my home town from my younger years. The City is like a big country town & along with the beautiful weather, although very windy, still makes for a big welcome home. There is plenty to see & enjoy. The food in most areas is desirable, although expensive. Accommodation at The Peninsula (Sth Perth) & Pier 21 (Nth Fremantle) was not as I anticipated & somewhat disappointing. Both of these places should indicate that a vehicle is really necessary as the public transport facilities are inadequate BUT the areas of both places, being Riverside are splendid. I can only add that Pier 21 & The Peninsula serviced(?) Apartments would once have been a Motel as the furnishings are really inexpensive,old & smelly & way too expensive for what they are. I would not stay again nor would I recommend. 10 Beautiful clean city. Beautiful clean city. Plenty of shops, restaurants and cafes close to the river for beautiful walks and views. Amazing beaches with white sand and clear turquoise water. Beachside cafes at Scarborourgh Beach and many others. Jenni Australia 10 Cleanliness of the city and felt safe. Cleanliness of the city and felt safe. The gardens were just beautiful. At the time of our visit to the Zoo there were a lot works going on and consequently some exhibits weren’t available. I guess this can’t be avoided though as works need to occur at some time. Rhonda Explore guest reviews of hotels in Perth See all Pensione Hotel Perth Perth CBD, Perth From CAD 159.66 per night 8.0 Very good · 3,244 reviews The hotel is very well located and it's walking distance from the train stations, attractions and eaterys. The hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating. Perfect place to stay at for visiting Perth for the first time. Its about a 5 min walk to woolworths which has cheaper snacks and drinking water than the convenient store The room was cozy and the windows could be opened slightlt. Most of the time we didnt need to switch the aircon on as it was cold enough when the windows were opened! . Shannenjeet Singapore Ingot Hotel Perth, Ascend Hotel Collection Perth From CAD 196.44 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 3,967 reviews We stayed for one night and flew out the next morning. Airport shuttle is available for free. Protected parking spaces are available and free, too. As my friend and I flew from different terminals in Perth both was very convenient. Nice efficiant staff at reception. Clean and comfortable room. Nice restaurant, bar, cafe at the hotel with decent/normal prices. Heike Germany Platinum Motel Perth From CAD 448.49 per night 5.8 Above average · 604 reviews Booked the room been confirmed, I took taxi from city center perth to Beckenhamcost where the hotel located cost $ 56:00 dollars for taxi , the reception in front desk was on phone making other deal ,then he said no accommodation when asked why I ? says he will call the police .nor happy at all . That was the worst experience I dealt with . mekency Morocco Mont Clare Boutique Apartments East Perth, Perth From CAD 223.35 per night 6.9 Pleasant · 2,169 reviews apartment style great value for money absolutely recommend to families needing accommodation in Perth city the Receptionist Matthew was amazing friendly and excellent service highly recommend this property and we have stayed in alot of hotels in Perth but for families this is better more space and all the best facilities even a lap pool Tina Australia 188 Apartments Perth 7.9 Good · 295 reviews Michael the manager was wonderful, Flight was late, Called him from airport. He met us on arrival and showed us to our apartment - upgraded due to a problem in basement due to bad weather in Perth. So kind, helpful and attentive even though he was not feeling well. RODNEY United States Adina Apartment Hotel Perth Perth CBD, Perth From CAD 192.94 per night 7.8 Good · 901 reviews I had stayed at this hotel quite a long time ago now and as I had an event on at the Perth convention centre I figured Id stay here again for the great convenience and easy access to the city, foreshore, etc. Close to the train st aswell! Bianca Australia Pensione Hotel Perth Perth CBD, Perth From CAD 159.66 per night 8.0 Very good · 3,244 reviews The best hotel in perth. Near to murray street,near with station just walk around 5 minutes. Very strategis place. All staff also very kind ❤ one day when I go to Perth again I will choose a pensione hotel to live in. Thanks pensione S Syska Indonesia myOZexp Palmerston Lodge Northbridge, Perth 7.2 Good · 147 reviews I moved to Perth for work and found this place to be a great choice, as it’s close to CBD. The spacious twin room, where I stayed also came with a fridge. The property is clean and maintained well, with a newly renovated bathrooms. Vignesh Australia Mercure Perth On Hay Perth CBD, Perth From CAD 144.50 per night 7.3 Good · 2,538 reviews We liked the location. We could reach the center of Perth by feet in just 10 minutes. Or take the free CAT bus to get around. The stop is just in front of the hotel. We had a big room with wide and comfortable beds. Sissi Germany Hyatt Regency Perth East Perth, Perth From CAD 205.86 per night 7.9 Good · 2,894 reviews breakfast very good, huge variety, big clean rooms with ample space. the hotel itself is a bit old in terms it wud require sooner or later an upgrade to keep its 5 stars but still a good choice in Perth!!! Michał Poland Quality Hotel Bayswater Perth From CAD 143.52 per night 7.8 Good · 775 reviews Receptionist, Rachel, was very obliging and could not be faulted. The downstairs Bistro - very good. Wanted to book a hotel in close proximity to Perth airport and yes, it was. SUE Australia ibis Budget Perth Airport Redcliffe, Perth From CAD 170.43 per night 6.3 Pleasant · 1,466 reviews I like that it is close to the airport and transportation as well as shops. Th room size is perfect as I travel alone for work purposes. I am a regular at this hotel. Claudette Australia Nightcap at Belgian Beer Cafe Perth CBD, Perth From CAD 144.42 per night 8.2 Very good · 1,121 reviews Felt like an old country hotel yet had all the basics. In CBD near shops, restaurants and station. Good value for money, for central Perth David New Zealand Rydges Perth Kings Square Perth CBD, Perth From CAD 168.72 per night 8.1 Very good · 1,725 reviews I liked the location of the hotel because it’s close to the rac perth arena which was the reason we booked here to attend a concert Raymunda Australia Metro Hotel Perth South Perth, Perth From CAD 137.24 per night 6.7 Pleasant · 2,485 reviews loved the balcony facing the city, and watching the sunset. the metro stop for the CBD is right outside the hotel Lisa United States Duxton Hotel Perth Perth CBD, Perth From CAD 251.16 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 3,783 reviews Open air, cleanliness and courtesy. Very good for 5 stars standard. The best is security of Perth CBD areas. Xuan Australia Hostel G Perth Perth CBD, Perth From CAD 143.52 per night 7.8 Good · 1,849 reviews Never even been there booked by mistake, been in Scotland not in Australia Perth Niedzialek United Kingdom Metro Hotel Perth South Perth, Perth From CAD 137.24 per night 6.7 Pleasant · 2,485 reviews Close to Perth city (10min drive) clean hotel rooms, bathroom are pretty nice Drew Australia Airport Apartments by Vetroblu Redcliffe, Perth From CAD 240.39 per night 8.5 Very good · 1,589 reviews Spacious, clean apartments close to the airport with complete facilities. eurekaysn Indonesia QT Perth Perth CBD, Perth From CAD 257.53 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 2,663 reviews Incredible hotel, great bar, comfy bed, central in Perth CBD Roman Australia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hostels in Perth Explore more great accommodation options in Perth, starting with hostels. Budget Hotels in Perth More great accommodation options for your trip. Serviced Apartments in Perth More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Sydney Discover another destination in Australia. Hotels in Melbourne Discover another destination in Australia. Hotels near Perth Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near University Of Western Australia Search and compare hotels close to University Of Western Australia, a popular destination just outside Perth. Hotels near Curtin University Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels in Perth CBD Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Perth Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1870380|7,1847760|3,1846890,1871440,1847760,1870380|3,1866460,1870380