The 10 best hotels & places to stay in New York, United States - New York hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in New York Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for New York hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United States New York State (NY) New York Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ New York – 397 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Pod 39 Hotel in Murray Hill, New York Featuring a restaurant, a lounge and a seasonal rooftop bar, this hotel is 483 metres from Grand Central Terminal. All rooms are equipped with free WiFi. Show more 8.1 Very good 9,215 reviews Price fromCAD 266.42per night Check availability Warwick New York Hotel in Manhattan, New York A historic hotel in midtown Manhattan, located 483 metres from Central Park, Warwick New York offers 2 restaurants, a fitness centre and concierge services. Show more 7.9 Good 5,917 reviews Price fromCAD 398.75per night Check availability Aliz Hotel Times Square Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York Offering free WiFi and a two-story rooftop bar and lounge with views of the Manhattan skyline. Aliz Hotel Times Square is situated in New York, 500 metres from Restaurant Row. Show more 7.9 Good 4,788 reviews Price fromCAD 401.01per night Check availability Hilton Garden Inn West 35th Street Hotel in Manhattan, New York Hilton Garden Inn New York/West 35th Street offers accommodations in Midtown Manhattan - just one block from the Empire State Building and within 800 metres of both Times Square and Madison Square... Show more 8.3 Very good 2,835 reviews Price fromCAD 422.47per night Check availability Element Times Square West Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York This stylish Manhattan hotel is located in the Theater District and is 644 metres from Times Square. It offers a 24-hour gourmet pantry and rooms with a 32-inch flat-screen TV. Show more 7.6 Good 7,023 reviews Price fromCAD 327.37per night Check availability Ace Hotel New York Hotel in NoMad, New York This boutique hotel is located in the center of Manhattan, only a 10-minute walk to Madison Square Garden. The hotel features two on-site restaurants, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour front desk. Show more 7.9 Good 1,419 reviews Price fromCAD 309.54per night Check availability Residence Inn by Marriott New York Manhattan/Central Park Hotel in Manhattan, New York Offering complimentary WiFi and a complimentary breakfast, Residence Inn New York Manhattan/Central Park is 644 metres away from Central Park and The Museum of Modern Art. Show more 8.4 Very good 1,979 reviews Price fromCAD 525.81per night Check availability Millennium Hilton New York One UN Plaza Hotel in Midtown East, New York Located in Manhattan’s East Side and 644 metres from the Grand Central Terminal, this hotel offers guest rooms with 42-inch flat-screen TVs. Free WiFi is available in the lobby. Show more 7.7 Good 2,438 reviews Price fromCAD 268.15per night Check availability Hilton Club The Quin New York Hotel in Manhattan, New York The Quin Central Park by Hilton Club is located in Midtown within walking distance of Manhattan’s Central Park and just 50 metres from the West 57th Street Subway station. Show more 8.5 Very good 1,595 reviews Price fromCAD 504.39per night Check availability Hotel Boutique at Grand Central Hotel in Midtown East, New York Offering a restaurant and a fitness centre, Hotel Boutique at Grand Central is a 2 minutes' walk from Grand Central Terminal in Midtown Manhattan. High-speed WiFi is provided. Show more 7.8 Good 1,745 reviews Price fromCAD 292.78per night Check availability See all 403 hotels in New York Most booked hotels in New York in the past month See all Pod Times Square Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 8.1 Very good · 18,877 reviews Pod 39 Hotel in Murray Hill, New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 8.1 Very good · 9,216 reviews Pod 51 Hotel in Midtown East, New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 7.8 Good · 9,497 reviews Hyatt Place NYC Chelsea Hotel in Chelsea, New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 7.9 Good · 12,208 reviews Hyatt Place New York City/Times Square Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 7.6 Good · 20,156 reviews Paramount Hotel Times Square Hotel in New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 6.5 Pleasant · 4,801 reviews M Social Hotel Times Square New York Hotel in New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 8.4 Very good · 8,803 reviews The Manhattan at Times Square Hotel in New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 5.6 Above average · 6,216 reviews Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan, an IHG Hotel Hotel in New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 7.8 Good · 4,945 reviews The New Yorker, A Wyndham Hotel Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York Popular with guests booking hotels in New York 7.7 Good · 13,097 reviews New York's best hotels with breakfast See all Conrad New York Downtown Hotel in Battery Park, New York Breakfast options With 2000 pieces of artwork on display and an atrium, this all-suite property is located 500 metres from the World Trade Centre. very well organised and rooms / facilities were excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 655.16 9.1 Superb · 619 reviews Casablanca Hotel by Library Hotel Collection Hotel in New York Breakfast options This boutique Manhattan hotel is located in the Theater District and steps from Times Square. The hotel offers a daily continental breakfast, free Wi-Fi and 24-hour access to refreshments. Location location location best service from staff 9.1 Superb · 227 reviews Hotel Barrière Fouquet's New York Hotel in Tribeca, New York Breakfast options Located in Tribeca, Hotel Barriere Fouquet's New York features art-deco-inspired rooms and a private movie theatre. Each unit features high ceilings, large windows and marble bathrooms. Amazing rooms and spa and gym. Lovely staff. Good location Avg. price/night: CAD 1,516.10 9.3 Superb · 30 reviews Nine Orchard Hotel in Lower East Side, New York Breakfast options Located at the corner of Orchard and Canal Street, Nine Orchard is surrounded by cultural institutions and some of the city's shops and restaurants. Arredamento Vista eccezionale dal 12esimo piano Posizione Avg. price/night: CAD 825.25 9.3 Superb · 35 reviews The Ritz-Carlton New York, NoMad Hotel in NoMad, New York Breakfast options Set in New York, 600 metres from Flatiron Building, The Ritz-Carlton New York, NoMad offers accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a garden and a bar. Helpful and kind staff, excellent location, good view Avg. price/night: CAD 1,644.99 9.4 Superb · 54 reviews Casa Cipriani New York Hotel in Wall Street - Financial District, New York Breakfast options Casa Cipriani New York has a fitness centre, shared lounge, a terrace and bar in New York. With free WiFi, this 5-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Excellent food, service and a beautiful atmosphere. Avg. price/night: CAD 1,361.92 9.4 Superb · 53 reviews The Greenwich Hotel Hotel in Tribeca, New York Breakfast options This New York City hotel is located in the city’s Tribeca neighborhood. It features an underground pool and fitness center, as well as an on-site restaurant and spa. bra läge, god service, trevlig ambiance, underbar frukost Avg. price/night: CAD 1,672.14 9.1 Superb · 89 reviews Lowell Hotel Hotel in Upper East Side, New York Breakfast options The Lowell is a 17-story building established in 1927 and is located 321.8 metres from Central Park. The property is 50 metres from Madison Avenue. Fifth Avenue is 161 metres form the property. Breakfast was 5star organic food with impeccable service 9.1 Superb · 42 reviews Budget hotels in New York See all Pod Times Square Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York Budget Hotel Located 400 metres from Restaurant Row in New York, Pod Times Square features a restaurant, bar and free WiFi throughout the property. Rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV. Perfect Location near Time Square and Metro Station Avg. price/night: CAD 369.39 8.1 Very good · 18,877 reviews Radio Hotel Hotel in Washington Heights, New York Budget Hotel Set in New York, 2.8 km from Yankee Stadium, Radio Hotel offers accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a garden and a terrace. Everything! The staff and facilities were fabulous! Avg. price/night: CAD 245.15 8.1 Very good · 999 reviews The Historic Blue Angel Hotel Lexington Ave, Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel in Midtown East, New York Budget Hotel The Historic Blue Angel Hotel Lexington Ave, Ascend Hotel Collection is an 11-minute walk from the Museum of Modern Art and 3 blocks from the Lexington Avenue–53rd Street Subway Station. Location was perfect and the staff were friendly and helpful. Avg. price/night: CAD 300.91 8.6 Fabulous · 770 reviews Life Hotel New York Hotel in NoMad, New York Budget Hotel Located between Broadway and 5th Avenue, Life Hotel is surrounded with dining options. Macy’s Herald Square is 483 metres from the property while the Empire State Building is 322 metres away. Beds and pillows were so comfortable Great location Avg. price/night: CAD 333.17 7.6 Good · 211 reviews The Historic Mayfair Hotel Times Square, Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel in New York Budget Hotel The newly renovated Historic Mayfair Hotel in the NYC Theater District Located in the heart of Manhattan’s Theater District and just a short walk from world-famous Times Square, is the newly revamped... Avg. price/night: CAD 238.87 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review LUMA Hotel - Times Square Hotel in New York Budget Hotel Located 300 metres from Times Square in New York, LUMA Hotel - Times Square features a restaurant and free WiFi throughout the property. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Great location, spacious convenient rooms, nice breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 803.53 9.0 Superb · 3,393 reviews The Gallery House Hotel in Harlem, New York Budget Hotel The Gallery House features free WiFi throughout the property and views of city in New York. Spacious apartment, friendly and informative hosts. 9.0 Superb · 310 reviews citizenM New York Times Square Hotel in New York Budget Hotel Located right in the heart of Manhattan, this hotel is just 1 minute's walk from Times Square and within 5 minutes' walk of Central Park and Columbus Circle. Rooms, beds facilitates very comfortable great location Avg. price/night: CAD 390.95 8.6 Fabulous · 3,512 reviews Hotels located in the centre of New York See all 5th & 55th Residence Club Hotel in Midtown East, New York Central location Well located in New York, 5th & 55th Residence Club provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review The Sherry Netherland Hotel in New York Central location Centrally located in Midtown Manhattan on Fifth Avenue, this hotel is across from the Grand Army Plaza and Central Park's main entrance. It features on-site dining and free Wi-Fi. great location, big room, amazing bed, and the nicest staff Avg. price/night: CAD 1,399.15 9.1 Superb · 252 reviews Trump International New York Hotel in Upper West Side, New York Central location Located at the juncture of Columbus Circle and Broadway, this 5-star hotel is minutes from Central Park. Best place and Perfect Location, Services, and Rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 1,519.66 8.9 Fabulous · 1,124 reviews Baccarat Hotel and Residences New York Hotel in New York Central location Featuring Baccarat crystals in every room, the Baccarat Hotel and Residences is located in New York. The staff was extremely friendly and professional. Avg. price/night: CAD 2,251.85 8.9 Fabulous · 264 reviews The Ritz-Carlton New York, Central Park Hotel in New York Central location Located in Midtown and framed by Central Park, the Ritz-Carlton New York Central Park is the perfect spot for a luxurious stay, featuring experiences tailored to city living. Service and staff willingness to help out of the way Avg. price/night: CAD 1,606.60 8.8 Fabulous · 98 reviews The Peninsula New York Hotel in New York Central location Located steps from Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, this hotel boasts a rooftop terrace and a spa with an indoor pool. Room is very clean,very friendly staff,area is excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 2,151.86 8.8 Fabulous · 718 reviews Hard Rock Hotel New York Hotel in New York Central location Situated conveniently in New York, Hard Rock Hotel New York offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 5-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. It was spotless and stylishly furnished. Loved it. Avg. price/night: CAD 871.78 8.8 Fabulous · 2,009 reviews The St. Regis New York Hotel in Midtown East, New York Central location With two onsite dining options, The St. Regis New York offers guests exclusive dining experiences. Rooms offer 24-hour butler service. This hotel is located 483 metres from The Museum of Modern Art. excellent service attention to details perfect location Avg. price/night: CAD 2,239.06 8.7 Fabulous · 123 reviews FAQs about hotels in New York How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in New York? On average, 3-star hotels in New York cost CAD 356 per night, and 4-star hotels in New York are CAD 487 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in New York can on average be found for CAD 909 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in New York for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in New York this weekend is CAD 924 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 1,042. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in New York for this weekend cost on average around CAD 1,991 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in New York for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 1,170 per night to book a 3-star hotel in New York for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 1,388 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in New York will cost around CAD 2,359 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in New York are good for families? Many families visiting New York loved staying at Hotel Barrière Fouquet's New York, Lowell Hotel and The Greenwich Hotel. What are the best hotels in New York near Times Square? Some of the best hotels in New York near Times Square include Casablanca Hotel by Library Hotel Collection, LUMA Hotel - Times Square and Hotel Scherman. What are the best hotels in New York near John F. Kennedy International Airport? Travellers who stayed in New York near John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) have said good things about Fairfield Inn by Marriott JFK Airport, Residence Inn by Marriott New York JFK Airport and Hyatt Regency JFK Airport at Resorts World New York. What are the best hotels to stay in New York? The Wallace Hotel, LUMA Hotel - Times Square and NobleDEN Hotel are some of the popular hotels in New York. What hotels in New York offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in New York that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Lowell Hotel, The Langham, New York, Fifth Avenue and The Greenwich Hotel. What hotels in New York are good for couples? These hotels in New York are highly rated by couples: The Ritz-Carlton New York, NoMad, Pendry Manhattan West and Casa Cipriani New York. What hotels in New York have nice views? Pendry Manhattan West, The Ritz-Carlton New York, NoMad and Casa Cipriani New York have received great reviews from travellers in New York regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Take a Bite out of the Big Apple Amazing New York City is full of iconic architectural landmarks, cultural venues and stunning views. So why not explore the Big Apple to its core with a Broadway show, a game at Yankee Stadium or a ferry ride to the Statue of Liberty? Whether you want to see chic Manhattan, culturally diverse Brooklyn or the birthplace of rap and hip hop in the Bronx, you can count on city’s reliable subway or iconic yellow cabs that will take you there in no time. Don’t forget to visit the top of the Empire State building and admire the great city panorama and iconic skyline. New York’s busy Times Square is the world's most visited tourist attraction and never fails to mesmerize with its impressive neon lights. Nearby Central Park attracts joggers, walkers and picnickers all year around who want a little break from NYC’s frenetic pace. The restaurants here are among the best in the world but be sure you try city’s famous hot dogs too. The Fifth Avenue and its luxury shopping is the place to be for all the Carrie Bradshaws and other fashionistas of the world. New York’s John F. Kennedy and LaGuardia airports make travelling to downtown easy and taking a train into Grand Central Station is yet another sight to see. From budget hostels, to trendy apartments, to top-notch luxury hotels, Booking.com offers a variety of accommodations so you will always find the best solution for your New York holiday. Learn more about visiting New York 1040 attractions 133 points of interest 42 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about New York: 6.0 good to be there always. good to be there always. the most popular place is 42nd street, time square area. it is easy to take buses and metro. I liked to take a walk in the central park. Next time I won't visit NYC in November or December. The hotels are extremely expensive so I could not stay in the hotels I used to stay whenever I visit NYC. From November to January(beginning), it seems the most high seasons for visitor to book hotels. Furthermore, there are annual Marathon events which caused the high competition to get a room. Please visit NYC, in other months. KIM South Korea 10 We had not been to NYC for 25 years. We had not been to NYC for 25 years. It's a fabulous city - if you have money. We spent over $1000 a day just on meals, taxis, tips and tickets. The extras in local taxes and tips put 30% on top of what is already expensive. So be warned! Michael United Kingdom 8.0 Didn't like the smell of people smoking cannibas everywhere,... Didn't like the smell of people smoking cannibas everywhere, it was disgusting. My clothes smelt awful, it was actually very wrong. New york very expensive, while I enjoyed my trip and saw all I needed to see, I won't be back, I've been 4 times and it was never like this. Very disappointing. Bronwyn Ireland 10 New York is a beautiful city, with many things to explore,... New York is a beautiful city, with many things to explore, from neighborhoods, parks, to food that comes from all over the world. Those who have not been to New York do not know what they are missing. MARIO 10 The views were nice from either the Empire State Building or... The views were nice from either the Empire State Building or the One World Trade Center. Do not miss eating at Katz's Delicatessen and Lombardi's! Getting around the city is easy with the legendary subways. Yves Netherlands 10 I can never understand how anyone can visit New York for... I can never understand how anyone can visit New York for only a few days; me personally I always try to visit for more than 5 days! This is to give yourself plenty of time to adjust to city life after traveling (I'm from the UK), get your bearings of the area you stay in & to get used to using the subway, which once you do it's the greatest way to explore such an amazing city plus you can do this by just walking everywhere too! If it's your first time it can be quite expensive city to visit so take that into consideration & utilise tourist passes to all the major attractions. Polly United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in New York See all Pestana CR7 Times Square Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York From CAD 216 per night 8.1 Very good 1,960 reviews This hotel was surprisingly very good and the staff were all very pleasant, proficient and accommodating. The room was clean, modern and very comfortable and breakfast was really one of the best I've eaten at any hotel chain - fresh fruit, eggs, bacon, meat and cheeses, bagels, bread etc. Lobby is a nice space to hang out in with TV and a bar area with complimentary tea/coffee all day long if you like. Conveniently located in midtown near Times Square. Highly recommend Pestana Hotel CR7. Show more Show less christine United States The New Yorker, A Wyndham Hotel Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York From CAD 193 per night 7.7 Good 13,099 reviews The location is perfect for us since we take a train to Penn Station. It is also within walking distance of most Broadway Theaters, which are always on our agenda . Our room was just as advertised, queen bed ,attractive and clean , with a great view. We have stayed at the New Yorker twice, and were pleased with both visits. We particularly enjoy the 24 hour coffeeshop downstairs, Tick Tock, for breakfast. The price was not cheap, but reasonable for New York City. Show more Show less McMath United States Merrion Row Hotel and Public House Hotel in New York From CAD 366 per night 8.7 Fabulous 597 reviews What a little hidden gem in the middle of Manhattan just a very short walk from the steps at Times Square. A small boutique hotel with beautiful rooms and modern bathrooms. Shona , the hotel manager, always on hand to deal with any queries and to help with any questions you have about the city from shopping to restaurants to directions . Nothing was any trouble to her and her wonderful staff. Hotel has a fantastic bar and a great restaurant too. Show more Show less Brenda United Kingdom Omni Berkshire Place Hotel in Midtown East, New York From CAD 355 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,013 reviews The location of the hotel was perfect, just a block away from 5th Avenue and within walking distance to Central Park, Times Square, Grand Central, and Bryant Park. The room was clean and comfortable, surprisingly spacious for New York City standards. The staff members were polite and the food at the hotel restaurant was great. Overall, we had an amazing experience and would definitely stay here again! Show more Show less Laura Argentina LUMA Hotel - Times Square Hotel in New York From CAD 399 per night 9.0 Superb 3,393 reviews Our week-long stay at this hotel was nothing short of fantastic. The staff's friendliness and helpfulness, combined with the modern rooms and pristine cleanliness, created an unforgettable experience. The location was a dream come true for anyone wanting to experience the heart of New York City. We highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an exceptional stay in the city that never sleeps. Show more Show less Robert Slovenia Homewood Suites Midtown Manhattan Times Square South Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York From CAD 272 per night 8.2 Very good 3,767 reviews The Location was awesome... Just a few minutes walk to Times Square, Empire State Building and many locations in Midtown Manhattan. Just a five minutes away from subway and bus station. Even though on one of the main streets, hotel was quite from inside. The view from our room on 16th floor was nice. Breakfast was tasty. Because of Covid-19 staffs are a few and room facilities were limited. Show more Show less Mitesh Qatar Paramount Hotel Times Square Hotel in New York From CAD 141 per night 6.5 Review score 4,805 reviews The location was prime. We were boarding a cruise ship and arrived the day before. The hotel was the best value I found so close to Times Square and the Manhattan Cruise Terminal. All hotels in this area are ridiculously priced, but we were pleased that it was clean and the staff was very helpful and pleasant. We will be back in November and will stay again. Show more Show less Elizabeth United States The Manhattan Club Hotel in New York From CAD 334 per night 8.1 Very good 2,815 reviews The Manhattan Club is a great place to stay in New York - at the north end of Times Square and just a couple blocks away from the noise and hubbub. Also, a short walk north to Central Park, so location is a favorite for me. The room had a queen bed and a queen sofa bed, plus a kitchenette which makes making coffee and breakfast in the room very easy. Show more Show less LORI-FROM-SAN-DIEGO United States Courtyard by Marriott Times Square West Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York From CAD 230 per night 8.2 Very good 2,528 reviews I recently stayed at the Courtyard New York Manhattan/Times Square West hotel and I had a great experience. The hotel is located in a great location, just steps from Times Square. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and the staff is friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York City. Show more Show less Mohammadreza Italy MOXY NYC Times Square Hotel in New York From CAD 193 per night 8.0 Very good 9,097 reviews The location - walking distnace to Times Square, how modern the hotel is - much nicer than any other hotel I've stayed in in NY, value for money - much cheaper than other places I've previously booked, Staff - the staff were very welcoming and accommodating, WiFi - Internet access was perfect in all areas of the hotel Show more Show less Emma Ireland Hotel Mulberry Hotel in Chinatown, New York From CAD 147 per night 8.5 Very good 578 reviews The room was very quiet, which is rare in New York City. The bed was very comfortable, and the room was a good size for a New York hotel room. The hotel is in the heart of Chinatown, with excellent restaurants nearby and many attractions with easy access by walking or subway. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Show more Show less Neil United States Sheraton Tribeca New York Hotel Hotel in Tribeca, New York From CAD 155 per night 7.6 Good 2,862 reviews Decent hotel in a great location if you love to be in downtown New York City. While Canal Street can be a little iffy, this location is on the cleaner end, right below Soho's West Broadway, and next to Tribeca. And the price beats many of the cooler hotels in the area, if you're on a budget. Show more Show less Paola Australia Wingate by Wyndham New York Midtown South/5th Ave Hotel in New York From CAD 209 per night 8.1 Very good 1,837 reviews Got the city view, upper floor with nice view of the ESB. Small room but typical of manhattan the few times i've stayed. This is one of those little midtown hotels, very narrow and tall-- only 4 rooms per floor i think. It was really cheap at the time (March 2021) Show more Show less THOMAS United States WestHouse Hotel New York Hotel in New York From CAD 255 per night 8.1 Very good 1,343 reviews Very comfortable boutique hotel in the hearth of Manhattan. Room very nice and comfortable, both room and common spaces very clean. Super location, at 2 steps from times square and central park. Very nice evening food and drinks at the hotel included in the room price. Show more Show less Maria A. Loi Netherlands Park Terrace Hotel Hotel in New York From CAD 326 per night 8.7 Fabulous 3,195 reviews Hotel is located in mid-town Manhattan, along Bryant Park. Lots of attractions within walking distance, such as Times Square, 5th Avenue shops, the Museum of Modern Art and Central Park. Decent room size for this part of Manhattan. Show more Show less Patrick Spain Hilton Garden Inn West 35th Street Hotel in New York From CAD 194 per night 8.3 Very good 2,835 reviews Perfect location for Subway, Times Square and central Manhattan. Rooms were bigger than expected after hearing rooms in New York are small. Bed was comfortable and room service was everyday without having to ask for it. Show more Show less Felicity United Kingdom CIVILIAN Hotel Hotel in Hell's Kitchen, New York From CAD 283 per night 8.5 Very good 2,781 reviews The hotel is ideally located in Manhattan a very short walking distance from Broadway theatres and Times Square, the staff were really friendly and accommodating and the rooms were clean with a fantastic view. Show more Show less Sparkle Trinidad and Tobago The Washington by LuxUrban, Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in Wall Street - Financial District, New York From CAD 203 per night 7.9 Good 6,959 reviews I love everything about it it's my official hotel for now on when I'm in New York city on a business trip!!! Show more Show less whitney United States New York Hilton Midtown Hotel in New York From CAD 229 per night 7.5 Good 1,399 reviews I really nice hotel nice in the middle of New York City Show more Show less Diane United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Things to do in New York Attractions, tours and more – how will you spend your time in New York? Hotels in New York State Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in New York Metropolitan area Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Las Vegas Discover another destination in the United States. Hotels in Los Angeles Discover another destination in the United States. When to visit the United States Events, prices, the weather and more. Car hire in New York Hire a car and hit the road, whether that's A to B or for a longer road trip. Flights to Newark Liberty International Airport Jet into this airport to explore New York at your leisure. Flights to John F. Kennedy International Airport Jet into this airport to explore New York at your leisure. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in New York Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1870380,1870380|3,1847760|3,1871440,1846890,1866460,1847760,1870380|7