The Best Texel Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Texel, Netherlands Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Texel, Netherlands Enter your dates and choose from 314 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Netherlands Texel Check out these popular cities on Texel De Koog 217 hotels Den Burg 54 hotels De Cocksdorp 57 hotels Den Hoorn 10 hotels Oost 7 hotels De Westen 2 hotels Westermient 31 hotels 't Horntje 1 hotel Oudeschild 8 hotels Midden-Eierland 2 hotels De Waal 11 hotels De Cocksdorp 8 hotels Stay in Texel's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Boutique Hotel Texel 4 stars Hotel in De Cocksdorp Hotel Texel is characterized by its welcoming hospitality in combination with modern comforts. Relax in this charming hotel with a heated indoor pool and a fine dining restaurant. The staff are very friendly and they will even walk you to your room. I felt very welcome. The rooms are clean and tidy and the location is great. The breakfast is good and you can also sit outside in the nice environment. Show more Show less 9 Superb 2,264 reviews Price from CAD 176 per night Check availability Op Oost Boutique hotel & Restaurant het Kook Atelier Hotel in Oosterend Set in Oosterend, 4.5 km from De Schorren, Op Oost Boutique hotel & Restaurant het Kook Atelier offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Exceptional guest service .. would definitely comeback on our next visit to the island Show more Show less 9 Superb 297 reviews Price from CAD 97 per night Check availability Nieuw Leven Texel Hotel in Den Burg Situated in Den Burg, 7.4 km from Ecomare, Nieuw Leven Texel features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Comfy room, great location, very family friendly Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 837 reviews Price from CAD 157 per night Check availability Texel Suites 4 stars Hotel in Oudeschild Texel Suites offers accommodation in Oudeschild. The hotel offers a restaurant with sun terrace and views of the sea. The host lovingly took care of the breakfast, every morning there were fresh rolls and the refrigerator was filled with everything needed to have a delicious breakfast. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 146 reviews Price from CAD 350 per night Check availability Hotel het Anker van Texel Hotel in De Cocksdorp Hotel het Anker van Texel is located in De Cocksdorp and the property has free WiFi access available. Each room here will provide you with a TV. The private bathroom comes with a shower. Wonderful hotel, very kind owner and everything perfect! I absolutely recommend it, a dream in a beautiful town. I will return there in the future. Show more Show less 9 Superb 904 reviews Price from CAD 122 per night Check availability Hotel Het Gouden Boltje 2 stars Hotel in De Koog Featuring a terrace and lounge with fireplace, Hotel Het Gouden Boltje is located just outside the centre of De Koog within walking distance from the forest area, dunes and beach. Super clean and friendly, with great hosts! Very relaxing breakfast room with lots of choice. Good location, close enough to everything but a little quieter on the edge of de Koog. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 829 reviews Check availability Hotel Kogerstaete Texel 4 stars Hotel in De Koog This family hotel, which has free WiFi, is situated a few minutes' walk from the beach on the island of Texel. Most rooms of Hotel Kogerstaete Texel offer a balcony or terrace. Lovely room, excellent service. Wonderful breakfast and a great meal in the restaurant Show more Show less 9 Superb 570 reviews Check availability Boutique Hotel De Smulpot 3 stars Hotel in Den Burg Boutique Hotel de Smulpot offer boutique rooms in the centre of Den Burg, on the island of Texel. This intimate hotel benefits from a picturesque street terrace and free Wi-Fi. Rooms were above the busy bar bistro which was a great place to eat and drink. The room was superb, huge bed facing an open bathroom area with double sink and walk in shower. The owner even carried my wife’s bags up to the room when checking us in. As we were cycle touring we needed some where safe to put our bikes. The arrangement they have with the big hotel round the corner worked really well. From their reception I got a key card to access a secure bike garage in n a neighbouring street, for 5 euros a night. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 598 reviews Price from CAD 139 per night Check availability Hotel Havenzicht Texel 3 stars Hotel in Oudeschild Hotel Havenzicht Texel offers rooms with free Wi-Fi, a seating area and modern bathrooms with a spa bath. It is situated next to the harbour in the town of Oudeschild. Super large accommodation. super bath. Incredible views of the old harbor. Great restaurant and nearby restaurants. Picnic breakfast are very unique. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 97 reviews Price from CAD 300 per night Check availability Hotel Boschrand 3 stars Hotel in De Koog Hotel Boschrand is situated at a 7-minute walk from the centre of De Koog and a 12-minute walk from the dunes and the beach. The hotel can be easily reached by the bus with a shirt walk. The staff was very friendly, easy check in procedure and our room was earlier ready than expected. Very good breakfast with salty and sweet alternatives and both cold and hot dishes. Very quiet during night. We also had a balcony with a small table and chairs and a nice view. It is near to the beaches and the dune park, and a shirt bike trip to Ecomare. You can also park your bike. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 1,016 reviews Check availability See all 173 hotels on Texel Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Texel with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Hotel Greenside Texel 4 stars Hotel in De Koog 8 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.9 Hotel Molenbos Texel 3 stars Hotel in De Cocksdorp 2 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.8 Boutique Hotel Texel 4 stars Hotel in De Cocksdorp 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 Hotel Kogerstaete Texel 4 stars Hotel in De Koog 24 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Hotel Het Gouden Boltje 2 stars Hotel in De Koog 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Hotel Havenzicht Texel 3 stars Hotel in Oudeschild 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 Hotel het Anker van Texel Hotel in De Cocksdorp 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Texel Suites 4 stars Hotel in Oudeschild 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Nieuw Leven Texel Hotel in Den Burg 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 Op Oost Boutique hotel & Restaurant het Kook Atelier Hotel in Oosterend 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 See all Most booked hotels on Texel in the past month See all Fletcher Hotel Restaurant Koogerend 3 stars Hotel in Den Burg Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 6.1 Review score 839 reviews Grand Hotel Opduin 4 stars Hotel in De Koog Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 8.3 Very good 1,544 reviews Landgoed Hotel Tatenhove Texel 3 stars Hotel in De Koog Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 8.8 Fabulous 1,108 reviews Fletcher Hotel - Restaurant de Cooghen 3 stars Hotel in De Koog Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 6.5 Review score 1,972 reviews Van der Valk Texel - De Koog 4 stars Hotel in De Koog Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 8.3 Very good 707 reviews Boutique Hotel Texel 4 stars Hotel in De Cocksdorp Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 9.0 Superb 2,264 reviews Prins Hendrik Texel 3 stars Hotel in Oost Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 8.6 Fabulous 990 reviews Hotel het Anker van Texel Hotel in De Cocksdorp Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 9.0 Superb 904 reviews Hotel Brasserie Den Burg 3 stars Hotel in Den Burg Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 7.3 Good 1,468 reviews Op Oost Boutique hotel & Restaurant het Kook Atelier Hotel in Oosterend Popular with guests booking hotels on Texel 9.0 Superb 297 reviews Texel's best hotels with breakfast See all Fletcher Hotel - Restaurant de Cooghen Hotel in De Koog Breakfast options Fletcher Hotel - Restaurant de Cooghen is situated in the heart of the coastal town De Koog in Texel. At walking distance from the beach. Location is absolutely amazing, stuff is extremely friendly, very good breakfast allowed on the... Show more Show less From CAD 88 per night 6.5 Review score 1,972 reviews Hotel-Restaurant Loodsmans Welvaren Hotel in Den Hoorn Breakfast options This 200-year old hotel is situated in Den Hoorn, only a 15-minute walk from the edge of the Duinen van Texel National Park. Lovely room, very friendly staff, great food, located in a calm not too crowded little village! Show more Show less From CAD 119 per night 7.9 Good 340 reviews Hotel Brasserie Rebecca Hotel in De Waal Breakfast options Hotel Brasserie Rebecca is a friendly and distinctive hotel situated at one of the most beautiful spots of Texel. The rooms were good and comfortable with all the required amenities Staff was really good Show more Show less From CAD 121 per night 7.9 Good 743 reviews Fletcher Hotel Restaurant Koogerend Hotel in Den Burg Breakfast options Fletcher Hotel Restaurant Koogerend on the island of Texel is located on the edge of Den Burg, a 10-minute walk from the historic town centre. BREAKFAST GARDEN BIKES HOTEL STAFF Show more Show less From CAD 57 per night 6.1 Review score 839 reviews Boutique Hotel Texel Hotel in De Cocksdorp Breakfast options Hotel Texel is characterized by its welcoming hospitality in combination with modern comforts. Relax in this charming hotel with a heated indoor pool and a fine dining restaurant. The staff are very friendly and they will even walk you to your room. I felt very welcome. Show more Show less From CAD 176 per night 9.0 Superb 2,264 reviews Op Oost Boutique hotel & Restaurant het Kook Atelier Hotel in Oosterend Breakfast options Set in Oosterend, 4.5 km from De Schorren, Op Oost Boutique hotel & Restaurant het Kook Atelier offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Exceptional guest service .. would definitely comeback on our next visit to the island Show more Show less From CAD 97 per night 9.0 Superb 297 reviews Nieuw Leven Texel Hotel in Den Burg Breakfast options Situated in Den Burg, 7.4 km from Ecomare, Nieuw Leven Texel features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Comfy room, great location, very family friendly Show more Show less From CAD 157 per night 9.1 Superb 837 reviews Texel Suites Hotel in Oudeschild Breakfast options Texel Suites offers accommodation in Oudeschild. The hotel offers a restaurant with sun terrace and views of the sea. The host lovingly took care of the breakfast, every morning there were fresh rolls and the... Show more Show less From CAD 350 per night 9.2 Superb 146 reviews Budget hotels on Texel See all Hotel het Anker van Texel Hotel in De Cocksdorp Budget Hotel Hotel het Anker van Texel is located in De Cocksdorp and the property has free WiFi access available. Each room here will provide you with a TV. The private bathroom comes with a shower. Wonderful hotel, very kind owner and everything perfect! Show more Show less From CAD 122 per night 9.0 Superb 904 reviews Hotel Het Gouden Boltje Hotel in De Koog Budget Hotel Featuring a terrace and lounge with fireplace, Hotel Het Gouden Boltje is located just outside the centre of De Koog within walking distance from the forest area, dunes and beach. Super clean and friendly, with great hosts! Very relaxing breakfast room with lots of choice. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 829 reviews Hotel Kogerstaete Texel Hotel in De Koog Budget Hotel This family hotel, which has free WiFi, is situated a few minutes' walk from the beach on the island of Texel. Most rooms of Hotel Kogerstaete Texel offer a balcony or terrace. Lovely room, excellent service. Wonderful breakfast and a great meal in the restaurant Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 570 reviews Boutique Hotel De Smulpot Hotel in Den Burg Budget Hotel Boutique Hotel de Smulpot offer boutique rooms in the centre of Den Burg, on the island of Texel. This intimate hotel benefits from a picturesque street terrace and free Wi-Fi. Rooms were above the busy bar bistro which was a great place to eat and drink. Show more Show less From CAD 139 per night 9.2 Superb 598 reviews Hotel Havenzicht Texel Hotel in Oudeschild Budget Hotel Hotel Havenzicht Texel offers rooms with free Wi-Fi, a seating area and modern bathrooms with a spa bath. It is situated next to the harbour in the town of Oudeschild. Super large accommodation. super bath. Incredible views of the old harbor. Show more Show less From CAD 300 per night 9.1 Superb 97 reviews Hotel Boschrand Hotel in De Koog Budget Hotel Hotel Boschrand is situated at a 7-minute walk from the centre of De Koog and a 12-minute walk from the dunes and the beach. The hotel can be easily reached by the bus with a shirt walk. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 1,016 reviews Hotel Molenbos Texel Hotel in De Cocksdorp Budget Hotel Hotel Molenbos Texel is a modern 3-star hotel in the north of the island. Benefit from free Wi-Fi and free parking, and sit out on the garden-terrace to breathe in some fresh sea air. Breakfast, easy check-in & check-out, friendly staff, clean room, towels, bed spreads, excellent... Show more Show less From CAD 164 per night 8.5 Very good 1,046 reviews Hotel Beatrix Hotel in De Koog Budget Hotel Located in De Koog, 1 km from De Koog Beach, Hotel Beatrix provides accommodation with a terrace, free private parking and a bar. This 3-star hotel offers free WiFi. The hotel features family rooms. Everything! But if I have to highlight something, I would say the staff running the hotel are super... Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 287 reviews Hotels on Texel that you can book without a credit card See all Het Uilenbos Hotel in De Koog No credit card needed Situated in De Koog, within 1.2 km of De Cocksdorp and 3.4 km of Ecomare, Het Uilenbos offers free WiFi throughout the property. In the bathroom drain is too slow due to blockage it needs to be fixed. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 124 reviews Prins Hendrik Texel Hotel in Oost No credit card needed Hotel Prins Hendrik is set in lush, green surroundings, right behind the dike that protects Texel from the sea. It has an on-site bicycle rental service and classic accommodation. Very luxurous room with large bed, nice modern bathroom. Show more Show less From CAD 141 per night 8.5 Very good 990 reviews B&B Hotel De Waal Hotel in De Waal No credit card needed B&B Hotel De Waal is situated in the small village De Waal, on the Island of Texel. Den Burg is 3 km away. The harbor of Oudeschild is 4 km away. I loved the personal touch, the kindness and helpful of the owner and his staff. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 435 reviews Hotel de Branding Hotel in De Koog No credit card needed Hotel de Branding is located 300 meters from the beach and a 3-minute walk to De Koog's shops, restaurants and cafés. This family hotel offers spacious and bright rooms. Great location, close to everything and still quiet. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 891 reviews Strandhotel Noordzee Hotel in De Koog No credit card needed Within 400 metres of De Koog, Strandhotel Noordzee is directly located on the beach and offers views of the surrounding dunes and North Sea. A beautiful view to the beach from your room. A nice restaurant and cosy. Show more Show less From CAD 230 per night 8.5 Very good 325 reviews Hotel Brinkzicht Hotel in De Koog No credit card needed Hotel Brinkzicht exists since the '30's and was taken over in 1999 by Stephan and Annemiek Jasper. Benefit from free Wi-Fi. So friendly & accommodating. Won’t hesitate to book again Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 93 reviews Hotel Brasserie Den Burg Hotel in Den Burg No credit card needed Situated in Den Burg, 6 km from Ecomare, Hotel Brasserie Den Burg features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. This 3-star hotel offers a bar. Lovely cozy place! Everyone was very friendly and the room was great with everything necessary... Show more Show less From CAD 114 per night 7.3 Good 1,468 reviews Texel highlights Ecomare Visit this museum and learn about their seal and bird shelter and generally about the environment of Texel. Aviaton and Wartime Museum Get to know more about the entire aviation and wartime history of Texel while browsing through the objects and models on show. Juttersmuseum Exhibitions shown here are all created with whatever beachcombers find on the beach. Paracentrum Texel If you love adventures, definitely try skydiving. Get your adrenaline pumping while enjoying the views from above. Lighthouse Texel This 150-year-old lighthouse is definitely a highlight and offers beautiful views of Texel and the Wadden Sea from its top. Circuitpark Karting Texel How fast can you go? Combine a relaxing stay in Texel with a little adventure on this kart circuit. Mudflat hiking Texel is a great place for mudflat hikers. Enjoy the beautiful nature and try to spot some seals. Surfschool Texel If you love water sports and especially surfing, head to this school for surfing classes and great surfing equipment. FAQs about hotels on Texel What are the best hotels on Texel near Texelse Golf? Some of the best hotels on Texel near Texelse Golf include Zilt Texel, DOCK10TEXEL and Hotel Molenbos Texel. What hotels on Texel have nice views? Hotel Havenzicht Texel, Texel Suites and Strandhotel Noordzee have received great reviews from travellers on Texel regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying on Texel also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Havenhotel At Sea Texel, Hotel het Anker van Texel and Studio's De Vlijt Texel. Which hotels on Texel are good for families? Many families visiting Texel loved staying at Boutique Hotel De Smulpot, Hotel Het Gouden Boltje and Nieuw Leven Texel. Similarly, Texel Suites, Hotel Brinkzicht and B&B Hotel De Waal are also popular among family travellers. What are the best hotels to stay on Texel? Boutique Hotel Texel, Texel Suites and Boutique Hotel De Smulpot are some of the popular hotels on Texel. In addition to these hotels, Nieuw Leven Texel, Hotel Het Gouden Boltje and Op Oost Boutique hotel & Restaurant het Kook Atelier are also popular on Texel. What hotels on Texel offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels on Texel that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Hotel Havenzicht Texel, Op Oost Boutique hotel & Restaurant het Kook Atelier and Hotel het Anker van Texel. Breakfast at these hotels on Texel are also highly rated: Hotel Kogerstaete Texel, Boutique Hotel De Smulpot and Nieuw Leven Texel. What hotels on Texel are good for couples? Couples travelling on Texel loved staying at Texel Suites, Hotel Havenzicht Texel and Boutique Hotel De Smulpot. Similarly, these hotels on Texel are highly rated by couples: Hotel Het Gouden Boltje, Nieuw Leven Texel and Hotel Kogerstaete Texel. What are the best cities to stay on Texel? De Koog, Den Burg and De Cocksdorp are popular with other travellers visiting Texel. How many hotels on Texel are listed on Booking.com? There are 410 hotels on Texel you can book on Booking.com. A Haven for Wildlife A Dutch island in the North Sea, Texel is best known for its wonderful sand dunes - a haven for birds. Common and grey seals also swim off its shores and some can be seen in the Ecomare rescue centre just outside De Koog. Home to the largest concentration of Texel hotels, De Koog is a real seaside town and the centre of the nightlife, with a few bars and restaurants. At the island’s northern tip is its most recognisable landmark – the red lighthouse in De Cocksdorp. A ferry leaves from here to neighbouring Vlieland island in summer. South is Texel Airport and its aviation museum, while inland are the polders typical of the Netherlands. Some are bulbfields that are a sea of colour in spring, while others are home to sweet-looking Texel sheep. Oudeschild on the Waddenzee coast is a fishing village with a windmill by its harbour. Midway between here and Den Burg – the largest town – is Hoge Berg, an Ice Age clay mound. Next door is Texel Brewery, producing beers from the island’s wheat and barley. Ferries to Texel from Den Helder arrive at t’Hoorntje and the closest village is Den Hoorn whose church spire can be seen for miles around. Wherever you choose to stay, Booking.com has a great range of accommodation in Texel. Explore guest reviews of hotels on Texel See all Hotel Boschrand Hotel in De Koog 8.4 Very good 1,016 reviews A great hotel on Texel with a relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff and beautiful design! Our room was comparably large, had a beautiful view across the countryside and a bathtub. We loved the breakfast (many options, scrambled eggs, fresh bread etc.) - one of the best we ever had in a hotel. Dinner was also very delicious! Kids take pleasure in the trampoline and we also highly recommend both the wonderful wellness area as well as the beautiful bar. Plus, you can charge your electric car right in front of the hotel. We will definitely return. Show more Show less Jenny Germany B&B Zonnedael Oosterend From CAD 130 per night 9.1 Superb 143 reviews Beautifully decorated and comfortable apartment with enough space and all the necessary amenities (to make breakfast as well). It honestly surprised me because it looks and feels better than the photos suggest. The house is incredibly cute and authentic and gives a real Texel vibe. The owner greeted us, showed us around, and for the rest of the stay we had complete privacy. Great location for exploring the island both by car or bicycles. And the neighbor's cat would wait to say 'hi' every morning! :D Show more Show less TheWolfNomad Croatia Stayokay Hostel Texel Den Burg From CAD 42 per night 7.9 Good 1,202 reviews I returned to this hotel after a time, but now in a private room with a friend. It was a very nice experience again. The private room with shower and toilette was nice, for the price paid. They have a place to store your bicycle that was a nice advantage since we were travelling by bike. The included breakfast was great. We loved the terrace they have to drink some beers. Probably my first option if I return to the overpriced Texel, Show more Show less Ariel Netherlands 't lant van Texsel De Koog From CAD 132 per night 9.6 Exceptional 248 reviews Cosy and very nice apartment. Surrounded by nature, however still easy to get to different locations. We had very nice hikes to the different areas of Texel from our stay. Kitchen was very nice! Had everything there that we needed. Bedroom and living area are also separate rooms. Bathroom was luxurious. We were welcomed very nicely. Very friendly owners😇. Parking was available, even a charger for electric car (2 point plug). Show more Show less Tani Netherlands B&B Hotel De Waal Hotel in De Waal 8.9 Fabulous 435 reviews When you enter you are welcomed by the nice and gentle owners. The design of the hotel is wonderful. All the furniture are hand made by the owner from wood found in the beach. Hotel is very very clean, beds very comfortable and breakfast ok! In the hall there is a big room where to read / play / relax and drink some coffee, tea or some Texel beer. Show more Show less Livia Netherlands Boutique Hotel Texel Hotel in De Cocksdorp From CAD 176 per night 9.0 Superb 2,264 reviews What an amazing stay at Boutique Hotel Texel! The staff was exceptionally friendly. A warm welcome, some complimentary hot chocolate and 'oliebollen' and great tips for what to see and do. The room was spacious, comfortable and clean. Pick up for dinner and breakfast was well organized and the food was delicious too! Show more Show less Tom Netherlands Appartementen Bos en Duin Texel Den Hoorn From CAD 220 per night 8.3 Very good 310 reviews The apartments are situated directly at the woods with a large choice of walks and cycle paths (very well paved, the Texel MTB route, an ATB track) but also running and riding routes. The apartment was comfortable with a complete kitchen. But there are plenty of restaurants to choose from within 5km. Show more Show less Christian Germany Nieuw Leven Texel Hotel in Den Burg From CAD 157 per night 9.1 Superb 837 reviews This is my second time at this hotel and again I rate it 10/10. We enjoyed the quiet surroundings, the natural pool, amazing breakfast, and a clean and comfortable bedroom. The cherry on top were the rental e-bikes right on the property! My go-to hotel on Texel!! Show more Show less GPatenaude Canada Hotel het Anker van Texel Hotel in De Cocksdorp From CAD 122 per night 9.0 Superb 904 reviews We had a wonderful stay at hotel het Anker van Texel. Everything was perfect: the warm welcome, the spacious and comfortable room, the delicious breakfast, the exceptional location! I highly recommend visiting and staying on this beautiful island. We will come back! Show more Show less Leopold Belgium Hotel Op Diek Hotel in Den Hoorn From CAD 100 per night 8.5 Very good 825 reviews The hotel is located in a nice area in a walking distance(15 min) to dunes. There were few cozy restaurants around (but closed due to corona). The owner of the hotel was very friendly. I will stay in Op Diek again during my next visit to Texel. Show more Show less Iryna Netherlands Prins Hendrik Texel Hotel in Oost From CAD 141 per night 8.5 Very good 990 reviews What a great experience at Hotel Prins Hendrik Texel. A recommendation for anyone who's looking for some peace and quiet. - the most friendly staff on the island - a relaxing atmosphere - a spacious room - a luxurious breakfast Show more Show less Stella Vansummeren Belgium Hampton home B&B suites De Koog From CAD 122 per night 8.6 Fabulous 952 reviews Very nice apartment close to the beach in Texel. The room was spacious and sparkling clean. We had everything we needed to eat and stay couple of days there. Bathroom was spacious and well equipped. We enjoyed our stay very much! Show more Show less Lorenza Netherlands Boutique Hotel De Smulpot Hotel in Den Burg From CAD 139 per night 9.2 Superb 598 reviews Lovely space, above the restaurant of the hotel and in a less-busy, more-responsible town than the neighbouring areas of Texel. Wonderful restaurants, bakeries, and people stayed masked in public. Amazing & huge breakfast! Show more Show less James Netherlands Fletcher Hotel - Restaurant de Cooghen Hotel in De Koog From CAD 88 per night 6.5 Review score 1,972 reviews Pet friendly. Location was superb. We were really at the heart of Texel island. Lot of restaurants, shops and supermarkets, bike rentals in the neighborhood. Breakfast was very rich with open buffet. Show more Show less Didem Netherlands Texel Suites Hotel in Oudeschild From CAD 350 per night 9.2 Superb 146 reviews The whole experience was magical and provided our family with a great experience, thank you Texel Suites! Also, the breakfast provided is simply delightful. Gorgeous apartment. Great recommendations. Show more Show less BinBin Netherlands DOCK10TEXEL De Cocksdorp From CAD 95 per night 9.0 Superb 166 reviews The stay was close to the Texel light house. You can reach the light house in 30 to 40 minutes by walk. There are many restaurants close to the hotel. The hosts are really good and very welcoming. Show more Show less Ruthreshwar Netherlands Hotel Greenside Texel Hotel in De Koog From CAD 205 per night 8.4 Very good 1,056 reviews Staff was very kind,even with our bad english translation ;) room and hostel were awesome, bathroom is very pleasant too ; we had great time with your help on wonderful texel's island ! Show more Show less eddy France DuinHotel Texel Hotel in De Koog From CAD 205 per night 8.3 Very good 552 reviews Good breakfast! To bad COVID measures don’t allow you to eat at a proper diningtable. Further more both Texel and Duinhotel are worth visiting! Show more Show less Tessa Netherlands Grand Hotel Opduin Hotel in De Koog From CAD 135 per night 8.3 Very good 1,544 reviews Probably the best location in Texel. Despite Covid 19 restrictions the hotel is able to provide excellent service to the guests. Show more Show less Alex Netherlands Hotel Het Gouden Boltje Hotel in De Koog 9.1 Superb 829 reviews Excellent vegetarian and vegan food. Extremely friendly staff in this lovely small hotel on texel Show more Show less Anonymous Netherlands Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Apartments on Texel Still looking for the perfect place to stay? Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Holiday Homes on Texel Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Zeeland Discover another popular destination within the Netherlands. Hotels in Dutch Coast Discover another popular destination within the Netherlands. Hotels near Paracentrum Texel Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Hotels near National Park Dunes of Texel Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Hotels in the Netherlands If you're planning a longer trip, look beyond Texel and set off to explore the whole country! Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440