The Best Tenerife Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Tenerife, Spain Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Tenerife, Spain Enter your dates and choose from 11,776 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Spain Tenerife Check out these popular cities on Tenerife Adeje 1578 hotels Playa de las Americas 703 hotels Los Cristianos 579 hotels Puerto de la Cruz 517 hotels San Miguel de Abona 316 hotels Santa Cruz de Tenerife 510 hotels Puerto de Santiago 388 hotels El Médano 476 hotels Costa Del Silencio 324 hotels La Laguna 182 hotels Arona 537 hotels Callao Salvaje 193 hotels Stay in Tenerife's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Hotel El Tejar & Spa 2 stars Hotel in Vilaflor Hotel El Tejar & Spa has a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Vilaflor. Among the facilities at this property are room service and a tour desk, along with free WiFi throughout the property. We had a great three night stay in this cosy hotel. Good choice for people who do not like anonymous big hotels on the coast. As the hotel is situated in a village Vilafor at an altitude of 1400 meters, it is ideal for tourists intending to visit Teide national park. I recommend to book a half board because the meal is great, both breakfast and dinner. The rooms and beds are comfortable. The staff is very nice and helpfull. We would definitely to stay again in this hotel. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,038 reviews Price from CAD 111 per night Check availability Royal River, Luxury Hotel - Adults Only 5 stars Hotel in Adeje Royal River, Luxury Hotel - Adults Only has four restaurants, five outdoor swimming pools, a fitness centre and three bars in Adeje. Best place to relax and recharge... Superb and tasteful design,spacious,clean and very comfortable villas with a option to enjoy any time heated pool right from the terrasse... Friendly,helpful staff...wonderful breakfast Stayed for 2 nights initially and then expended for a whole stay in Tenerife 😊 Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 1,333 reviews Price from CAD 975 per night Check availability La Laguna Gran Hotel 4 stars Hotel in La Laguna Located in La Laguna and with the famous Leal Theatre within 600 metre. Everything was perfect during our stay. The location is very good, walking distance to the beautiful historic centrum of La Laguna; the room is super comfortable with all the facilities. The view from the swimming pool is outstanding. Friendly staff, they provided us with all the info we needed. Show more Show less 9 Superb 5,406 reviews Price from CAD 138 per night Check availability Hotel Tigaiga 4 stars Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz Surrounded by tropical gardens, Hotel Tigaiga offers an outdoor swimming pool and restaurant with terrace. Each air-conditioned room features a private balcony with sea or mountain views. great location for Tenerife, very good and lot of variety breakfast, staff is supper nice and helpful. beds were so comfortable we really enjoyed everything. also paid for the parking 7 Euro per day, it’s worth every penny. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,230 reviews Price from CAD 308 per night Check availability Vincci Selección La Plantación del Sur 5 stars Hotel in Adeje This colonial-style hotel on the Costa Adeje features a luxurious spa and beautiful views of the Atlantic Ocean. It offers 5 swimming pools, surrounded by sun terraces and gardens. Stuff are excelent! Very polite and professional! Breakfast was great! Everything was great! Show more Show less 9 Superb 3,556 reviews Price from CAD 410 per night Check availability Nava Suites Hotel in La Laguna Boasting a garden and views of city, Nava Suites is situated in La Laguna, 500 metres from Leal Theatre. The place was really amazing - facilities, style - to the smallest details. I can definitely say it's the best place we stayed in the Canary Islands! Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 303 reviews Price from CAD 177 per night Check availability Emblemático F24-Only Adults B&B Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Located in Santa Cruz de Tenerife and with Caleta de Negros Beach reachable within 2.7 km, Emblemático F24-Only Adults B&B provides a tour desk, non-smoking rooms, an outdoor swimming pool, free WiFi... I’ve never met kinder or friendlier staff in any hotel I’ve ever been to. The service was absolutely world class. They treat every client with care making sure he/she is comfortable at every stage of their trip. I arrived outside reception hours but every information needed was sent to me directly to my phone before my trip and the contact via text was immediate and helpful (I’ve even got restaurant recommendations). On our last day I was allowed to keep my bags in hotel after checking out. I also loved the design of the hotel. It has tropical and romantic vibe with a touch of traditional Spanish architecture. The selection of natural wood furniture and beautiful details were one of a kind. This place really has a soul. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 273 reviews Price from CAD 155 per night Check availability MYND Adeje 4 stars Hotel in Adeje Situated in Adeje, 500 metres from Playa de Ajabo, MYND Adeje features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. fabulous hotel,the best breakfast selection you could ever hope for! Amazing spacious roof top with lovely pool,friendly and helpful staff, comfortable and well designed lobby where you could chill and listen to music or watch tv for ages! spacious pool with plenty of sun loungers, comfortable and spacious room with amazing views from the balcony. Many restaurants and a very good supermarket just across the road. I will be back for sure :) Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 986 reviews Price from CAD 187 per night Check availability Hotel Boutique San Diego - Adults Only Hotel in La Laguna Set in La Laguna, less than 1 km from Leal Theatre, Hotel Boutique San Diego - Adults Only offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. wonderful place! Grate breakfast! Excellent location! Wonderful service Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 426 reviews Price from CAD 227 per night Check availability Hotel Emblemático Hi Suites Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Situated in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 2.6 km from Caleta de Negros Beach, Hotel Emblemático Hi Suites features views of the city. Everything was perfect. Clean, well situated and friendly staff. Also very modern. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 691 reviews Price from CAD 174 per night Check availability See all 7,001 hotels on Tenerife Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Tenerife with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Vincci Selección La Plantación del Sur 5 stars Hotel in Adeje 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Hotel Tigaiga 4 stars Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Hotel Suite Villa Maria 5 stars Hotel in Adeje 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Hotel Emblemático San Agustin Hotel in Icod de los Vinos 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 La Laguna Gran Hotel 4 stars Hotel in La Laguna 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Royal Hideaway Corales Beach - Adults Only 5 stars Hotel in Adeje 22 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Royal River, Luxury Hotel - Adults Only 5 stars Hotel in Adeje 23 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Hotel Emblemático Hi Suites Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Hotel Boutique San Diego - Adults Only Hotel in La Laguna 11 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Hotel El Tejar & Spa 2 stars Hotel in Vilaflor 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 See all Most booked hotels on Tenerife in the past month See all Hotel Taburiente S.C.Tenerife 4 stars Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 8.4 Very good 2,956 reviews Silken Atlántida Santa Cruz 4 stars Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 8.6 Fabulous 2,421 reviews Be Live Experience La Niña 4 stars Hotel in Adeje Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 7.4 Good 1,855 reviews Alua Atlantico Golf - All Inclusive 4 stars Hotel in San Miguel de Abona Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 8.1 Very good 1,704 reviews Sol Arona Tenerife 3 stars Hotel in Los Cristianos Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 7.2 Good 3,857 reviews Hotel Las Águilas Tenerife, Affiliated by Meliá 4 stars Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 8.3 Very good 3,225 reviews Hotel Adonis Plaza 3 stars Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 7.5 Good 2,740 reviews La Laguna Gran Hotel 4 stars Hotel in La Laguna Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 9.0 Superb 5,406 reviews Hollywood Mirage - Excel Hotels & Resorts 4 stars Hotel in Los Cristianos Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 8.2 Very good 5,350 reviews Gara Suites Golf & Spa 4 stars Hotel in Playa de las Americas Popular with guests booking hotels on Tenerife 7.9 Good 6,765 reviews Tenerife's best hotels with breakfast See all H10 Atlantic Sunset Hotel in Callao Salvaje Breakfast options H10 Atlantic Sunset is located in Playa Paraíso, Costa Adeje and features a bar. Featuring a 24-hour front desk, this property also has a restaurant and an outdoor pool. Very good hotel. We picked it with a good price, that is not very common for 5 stars. Show more Show less From CAD 225 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,080 reviews Hotel Pensión Cassandra Hotel in Buzanada Breakfast options Hotel Pensión Cassandra is located in Buzanada, 8.9 km from Playa de las Américas and 10 minutes' drive from Tenerife South Airport. The cleanliness, the situation but above all, the staff ! Very kindful and helpful, always... Show more Show less From CAD 69 per night 8.1 Very good 1,049 reviews Hotel AF Valle Orotava Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz Breakfast options Hotel AF Valle Orotava is a 4-star hotel, completely renovated, located in the center of Puerto de la Cruz, 10 minutes walk from Playa Jardín, equipped with modern facilities and rooms with views of... It is so central and very clean. Staff are wonderful especially Jose on reception. Show more Show less From CAD 109 per night 8.5 Very good 2,326 reviews Laguna Nivaria Hotel & Spa Hotel in La Laguna Breakfast options Housed in a charming 16th-century mansion, Hotel Laguna Nivaria offers an à la carte restaurant and stylish accommodation. center location, good food especially deserts Show more Show less From CAD 139 per night 8.5 Very good 1,766 reviews Precise Resort Tenerife Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz Breakfast options This hotel, located right on the coast, is set in 40, 000 m² of subtropical gardens and has an impressive palm-fringed swimming pool. Enjoy buffet meals and fantastic views over the Atlantic. The location is amazing, the stuff is incredibly friendly and the breakfast is delicious. Show more Show less From CAD 139 per night 8.0 Very good 1,081 reviews Hotel Las Águilas Tenerife, Affiliated by Meliá Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz Breakfast options Overlooking Puerto de la Cruz, Hotel Las Águilas, Affiliated by Meliá has 2 pools, one heated in the winter. The spacious suites have spectacular views of the Atlantic Ocean or Mount Teide. Everything! We're traveling a lot, this is by far the best hotel we've been to (for this... Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 8.3 Very good 3,225 reviews NH Tenerife Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Breakfast options NH Tenerife is a stylish hotel in central Santa Cruz, near the harbour. It offers free WiFi and a rooftop terrace. Everything was good! Nice, clean room, friendly staff Show more Show less From CAD 129 per night 8.3 Very good 1,077 reviews Iberostar Heritage Grand Mencey Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Breakfast options This stylish, urban hotel with a spa is located in a colonial-style building. Iberostar Heritage Grand Mencey offers spacious rooms equipped with a flat-screen TV. The beautiful architecture, it’s ambience and the lovely gardens and surrounds. Show more Show less From CAD 213 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,575 reviews Budget hotels on Tenerife See all Casa Kilig Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Budget Hotel Located in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Casa Kilig features a garden, shared lounge, terrace, and free WiFi throughout the property. This was a very charming place for one night stay before we continued on our journey. Show more Show less From CAD 88 per night 8.0 Very good 303 reviews Hotel Don Cándido Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz Budget Hotel Offering an outdoor swimming pool, Hotel Don Candido is located in Tenerife, 5-minutes' drive from Jardín Beach. It features a sun terrace with views of Teide National Park. Kind and available staff, nice pool, large bed, everything very clean. Show more Show less From CAD 47 per night 8.3 Very good 605 reviews Hotel Atlántico Centro Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Budget Hotel Featuring 2-star accommodation, Hotel Atlántico Centro is set in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 2.4 km from Caleta de Negros Beach and 600 metres from Tenerife Espacio de las Artes. Very friendly and helpful staff. Did provide a kettle on request. Show more Show less From CAD 66 per night 7.1 Good 3,006 reviews Hotel Océano Centro Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Budget Hotel Hotel Océano Centro is situated in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 7.7 km from Museo militar regional de Canarias and 12 km from Leal Theatre. This 1-star hotel offers free WiFi. Awesome location downtown Quick check-in and check-out Spacious room, we got a quiet one with the... Show more Show less From CAD 69 per night 7.2 Good 2,362 reviews 4Dreams Hotel Chimisay Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz Budget Hotel 4Dreams Hotel Chimisay is located in Puerto de la Cruz. Set on a pedestrian street of the city centre, it offers a 24-hour reception and a roof terrace with an outdoor pool. Smooth check in/out, great communication, 24H front desk. The comfort I was looking for. Show more Show less From CAD 51 per night 7.6 Good 2,170 reviews Hotel Adonis Capital Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Budget Hotel Set in central Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Hotel Adonis Capital is surrounded by shops, bars and restaurants. Rooms include free Wi-Fi and plasma-screen TVs. Rooms at the Adonis are spacious and bright. Everything 😊 As per usual.. Thank you 😊 Show more Show less From CAD 87 per night 7.5 Good 1,011 reviews Hotel Tropical Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz Budget Hotel The Hotel Tropical can be found in Puerto de la Cruz. Just a few minutes from the sea, it also has an outdoor swimming pool. Nice hotel, polite personnel, not far fro. the beach & supermarkets, great stay in all ways. Show more Show less From CAD 60 per night 7.2 Good 1,944 reviews Hotel Adonis Plaza Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Budget Hotel Set in the centre of Santa Cruz and 5 minutes’ walk from the city’s port, Hotel Adonis Plaza features a 24-hour reception and a restaurant. Its simple rooms have free wired internet access. I had been in that hotel before and it had not been renovated, now it is perfect and the rooms have... Show more Show less From CAD 102 per night 7.5 Good 2,740 reviews Hotels on Tenerife that you can book without a credit card See all Hotel El Tejar & Spa Hotel in Vilaflor No credit card needed Hotel El Tejar & Spa has a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Vilaflor. Among the facilities at this property are room service and a tour desk, along with free WiFi throughout the property. We had a great three night stay in this cosy hotel. Show more Show less From CAD 111 per night 9.1 Superb 1,038 reviews Royal River, Luxury Hotel - Adults Only Hotel in Adeje No credit card needed Royal River, Luxury Hotel - Adults Only has four restaurants, five outdoor swimming pools, a fitness centre and three bars in Adeje. Best place to relax and recharge... Show more Show less From CAD 975 per night 9.5 Exceptional 1,333 reviews Emblemático F24-Only Adults B&B Hotel in Santa Cruz de Tenerife No credit card needed Located in Santa Cruz de Tenerife and with Caleta de Negros Beach reachable within 2.7 km, Emblemático F24-Only Adults B&B provides a tour desk, non-smoking rooms, an outdoor swimming pool, free WiFi... I’ve never met kinder or friendlier staff in any hotel I’ve ever been to. Show more Show less From CAD 155 per night 9.1 Superb 273 reviews MYND Adeje Hotel in Adeje No credit card needed Situated in Adeje, 500 metres from Playa de Ajabo, MYND Adeje features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. fabulous hotel,the best breakfast selection you could ever hope for! Show more Show less From CAD 187 per night 9.2 Superb 986 reviews Hotel Boutique San Diego - Adults Only Hotel in La Laguna No credit card needed Set in La Laguna, less than 1 km from Leal Theatre, Hotel Boutique San Diego - Adults Only offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. wonderful place! Grate breakfast! Excellent location! Wonderful service Show more Show less From CAD 227 per night 9.5 Exceptional 426 reviews Royal Hideaway Corales Suites Hotel in Adeje No credit card needed Set in Adeje, 300 metres from La Enramada beach, Royal Hideaway Corales Suites offers rooms with sea views and air conditioning. Guests can enjoy access to an outdoor swimming pool. we loved all the amenities proposed. Show more Show less From CAD 1,095 per night 9.5 Exceptional 288 reviews Royal Hideaway Corales Beach - Adults Only Hotel in Adeje No credit card needed Located in Adeje in the south of Tenerife, Royal Hideaway Corales Beach - Adults Only by Barceló Hotel Group boasts exclusive facilities for adults only, such as 3 pools (2 adults only), restaurants,... Location was brilliant walkable to all restaurants in La Caleta. Show more Show less From CAD 832 per night 9.2 Superb 579 reviews Las Terrazas de Abama Suites Hotel in Guía de Isora No credit card needed Offering an outdoor pool and views of the sea, Las Terrazas de Abama Suites is situated within the Abama Golf Course, and features stunning views of La Gomera and the Teide Volcano. Great location and view. The apartment is very high quality, with attention to detail. Show more Show less From CAD 717 per night 9.2 Superb 467 reviews Tenerife highlights Garachico Once buried under lava, this picturesque village now features natural salt-water pools, a castle, traditional buildings and tranquil squares. Whale and dolphin spotting The clear Atlantic waters that separate Tenerife from La Gomera are a paradise for whale-watching and dolphin-spotting. El Teide Enjoy the hiking, sunsets, and starlit nights in this Nature Reserve with a beautiful lunar-like landscape. Los Gigantes These seemingly endless cliffs lined with deserted coves provide a breathtaking backdrop for sailing and scuba diving. Sunset from Punta de Teno lighthouse In the northernmost part of Tenerife lies this hidden cove with its charming lighthouse. The sunsets from here are stunning. San Cristóbal De La Laguna Old Town Churches, convents and historic buildings fill the pedestrianised streets of this colonial town - a UNESCO World Heritage Site. A Taste of the island in the 'Guachinche' tapas bars Discover the local wines and traditional cuisine in the bars and cafés that populate the northern towns of the island. Martiánez Lake Home to 7 salt-water lakes, this perfect alternative to the beach comes complete with bars, restaurants and night-time light shows. Tejita and Médano beaches With clear waters and golden sands, these beaches provide perfect conditions for windsurfers, and a relaxing haven with nudist areas. Icod de los Vinos Enjoy local wines, amazing views and 10 km of shoreline in Icod, the home of the Ancient Dragon Tree. FAQs about hotels on Tenerife What are the best hotels to stay on Tenerife? Royal River, Luxury Hotel - Adults Only, Hotel Tigaiga and Hotel El Tejar & Spa are some of the popular hotels on Tenerife. In addition to these hotels, La Laguna Gran Hotel, Vincci Selección La Plantación del Sur and Hotel Boutique San Diego - Adults Only are also popular on Tenerife. What are the best hotels on Tenerife near Abama Golf? Some of the best hotels on Tenerife near Abama Golf include Los Jardines de Abama Suites, Las Terrazas de Abama Suites and Villa Abama. What hotels on Tenerife are good for couples? Couples travelling on Tenerife loved staying at Royal Hideaway Corales Suites, Hotel Emblemático San Agustin and Hotel Boutique San Diego - Adults Only. Similarly, these hotels on Tenerife are highly rated by couples: Royal River, Luxury Hotel - Adults Only, Hotel Las Madrigueras Golf Resort & Spa - Adults Only and Hotel Adeje Plaza. How much is a hotel on Tenerife for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 180 per night to book a 3-star hotel on Tenerife for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 237 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel on Tenerife will cost around CAD 458 (based on Booking.com prices). How much does it cost to stay in a hotel on Tenerife? On average, 3-star hotels on Tenerife cost CAD 156 per night, and 4-star hotels on Tenerife are CAD 227 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel on Tenerife can on average be found for CAD 463 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel on Tenerife for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel on Tenerife this weekend is CAD 237 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 317. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels on Tenerife for this weekend cost on average around CAD 550 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How many hotels on Tenerife are listed on Booking.com? There are 9,610 hotels on Tenerife you can book on Booking.com. What are some popular places to stay on Tenerife? Popular places to stay on Tenerife include hotels near Abama Golf, Los Gigantes and Playa de las Teresitas. What are the best cities to stay on Tenerife? Puerto de la Cruz, Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Playa de las Americas are popular with other travellers visiting Tenerife. What are the best hotels on Tenerife near Tenerife Sur Airport? Travellers who stayed on Tenerife near Tenerife Sur Airport (TFS) have said good things about Barceló Tenerife Royal Level, Barceló Tenerife and Bahia Principe Fantasia Tenerife. What hotels on Tenerife have nice views? Los Jardines de Abama Suites, Hotel Adeje Plaza and Royal Hideaway Corales Suites have received great reviews from travellers on Tenerife regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying on Tenerife also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Hotel Atlantic Mirage Suites & SPA - ADULTS ONLY, Hotel Tigaiga and Hotel Suite Villa Maria. What hotels on Tenerife offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels on Tenerife that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Hotel Adeje Plaza, Royal Hideaway Corales Suites and Los Jardines de Abama Suites. Breakfast at these hotels on Tenerife are also highly rated: Hotel Las Madrigueras Golf Resort & Spa - Adults Only, Hotel El Tejar & Spa and Hotel Boutique San Diego - Adults Only. Which hotels on Tenerife are good for families? Many families visiting Tenerife loved staying at Hotel Adeje Plaza, Hotel Boutique San Diego - Adults Only and Emblemático F24-Only Adults B&B. Similarly, Royal Hideaway Corales Beach - Adults Only, Hotel Drago San Antonio and Hotel Emblemático Hi Suites are also popular among family travellers. Fun and Sun All Year Round The largest of the Canary Islands, Tenerife has sun, sand and sangria all year round. Its landscape is dominated by volcanic Mount Teide, a UNESCO World Heritage Site whose peak is covered by snow. There are fabulous views over Tenerife and the surrounding islands from the cable car that takes you up. However, most visitors flock to the island for its beaches. The most exclusive area is Costa Adeje, home to most 5-star hotels in Tenerife. It also houses Aqualand waterpark with waterslides, pools and a dolphinarium, while next door Playa de las Americas boasts Siam Park – Europe’s largest waterpark. This resort is the island’s party capital and features a large number of Tenerife hotels with swimming pools, and a wealth of bars and restaurants. Adjoining Los Cristianos also has a long, sandy beach. The southern Tenerife beaches are actually artificial, made from white sand imported from the Sahara Desert, because the natural ones are black sand. Tenerife resorts with just such a beach include Puerto de la Cruz and Los Gigantes, which is dramatically sheltered by sheer cliffs. The capital – Santa Cruz – is the arrival point for ferries from the other Canaries and has a huge, annual carnival. Wherever you decide to stay, check out the Tenerife hotel deals on Booking.com. Explore guest reviews of hotels on Tenerife See all Ramada Residences by Wyndham Costa Adeje Adeje From CAD 190 per night 8.5 Very good 2,093 reviews We stayed in Ramada hotel for 5 days and it was a very nice experience. Rooms and terrace were spacious, food was delicious, beautiful garden. We are now at the Wyndham Residences Tenerife Costa Adeje, the same group of hotels. It is much worse but for more money! The same food: but not that polite service, not big portions as in here at Ramada. We would like to come back and we feel sad paying a larger amount of money in similar hotel of the same group and having everything worse. Show more Show less JoeKC United States The Retreat House - Private Pool Puerto de Santiago 9.6 Exceptional 26 reviews Apartment cleanliness was outstanding. Heated pool was a big bonus. Beds are great and a lot of room for four people. Washing machine and drying machine really good as well as own garage for rental car!! Bathrooms fulfilled our expectations. Mercadona supermarket almost next to the apartment. Kitchen was fully equipped. Small extra room was nice storage for luggage etc. Terrace was really nice to hang around. Very good wi-fi! Overall best apartment we have visited at Tenerife Island. Show more Show less Tarmo Finland Quiet Coral Mar Arona 9.4 Superb 13 reviews Location is nice. Quite place. One of the best beaches on Tenerife is located nearby. You can easily find a place for parking a car(November) The owner is nice and helpful 👏 Apartments are nice as well as the territory, which is secured 😎 We are happy that we have chosen this place. It is ideal for people with car We had everything we needed: Shower gel and shampoo, toaster, microwave, many different dishes and equipment for cooking, towels, and even towels for a beach Thank you 😊 Show more Show less milanthebest Ukraine Tenerife South Apartments Playa de las Americas From CAD 334 per night 9.4 Superb 765 reviews We had a great stay at Tenerife South Apartments. Clean rooms, spacious. Host was very communicative. Great location, short walk to the beaches, shops, lots of bars and restaurants. Large pool area with food and drink options, an on site supermarket. Fairly quiet area however close enough to nightlife for it to be accessible. We left a personal item in the room after checking out and the host very kindly arranged for it to be returned - Thank you! Would definitely recommend! Show more Show less Martha United Kingdom Apartment Tenerife Sur Palm-mar 9.6 Exceptional 19 reviews This apartment has everything you need, extremely clean, well equipped! The host was fantastic and kept in contact with us as soon as we landed into Tenerife. Met us in a timely manner and handed over the keys etc with ease. Apartment is very spacious, two balconies, one in full sun all day- which was fantastic for sunbathing! In a lovely location, 15 minute drive from the busier areas. A couple of cafes in walking distance with delicious food. Can’t wait to go back! Show more Show less Rachel United Kingdom Hotel Ventus El Médano From CAD 160 per night 8.0 Very good 1,394 reviews We stayed at Hotel Ventus for one night since we had a very early flight back home from Tenerife South Airport and needed to check out at 4 in the morning. For this purpose Hotel Ventus is a perfect choice, close to the Airport, you can check in online and check out by dropping the card in the box at the reception. The room was clean, we found everything we needed there. The receptionist was also super helpful and even assisted us with the Taxi Booking. Show more Show less Ana Slovenia Albatros Apartments by Malibu Callao Salvaje 8.0 Very good 501 reviews We arrived at night and in the morning were amazed by the ocean view from our terrace. Apartments have everything essential, very convenient code access. Cleaning every two days. Supermarkets and cafes in 2 minutes walk. Bus stop - 5 mins. The beach and views around are stunning. We decided to extend our stay for few days more - thanks to Marta who arranged everything for us. We love the appartments, Callao Salvage and Tenerife 🤍 Show more Show less Yuliia Ukraine Apartamento Blanco 127 en La Caleta - Altamira Adeje 8.8 Fabulous 22 reviews The location itself and its placement within the neighborhood. The two swimming pools and a large area for sunbeds really were worthwhile. The restaurants/bars in the area also proved to be helpful. You also have close by shops for home needs. The location of the accommodation had access to two beaches and multiple lovely places to visit. It's a more refined area of Tenerife compared to Playa de Las Americas. Show more Show less Vlad Ionescu Dimancea Romania Tenerife Art Hostel Santa Cruz de Tenerife From CAD 37 per night 9.0 Superb 470 reviews This hostel is amazing, i had great time in tenerife. I booked 9 days but next time when i come i’ll book minimum 14 days. Hostel location is amazing, you have a supermarket right next to it, amazing beach and anaga park is also near by, and it has amazing rooftop (maybe the best one i have ever seen in a hostel). Thank you to Davids (people working in the hostel) for everything. Show more Show less Milos Serbia Apartamentos Masaru Puerto de la Cruz From CAD 111 per night 8.5 Very good 7,163 reviews We loved basically everything. The best foods ever eaten during the holidays, amazing chefs, variant healthy foods. Most friendly stuff, helpful and we felt like we are with friends. No stress and we learned a lot about real holiday. Hotel is like a family 😊They help a lot to decide we want to move and live in Tenerife asap. Thank you Noemi (Noncsi) & Valéria (Ria) Show more Show less Noemi United Kingdom Apartamentos Los Dragos del Norte Puerto de la Cruz From CAD 103 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,287 reviews Initially we get a room at first floor with no view. After we talked with front desk we manage to get another room, with greater view...both, The ocean and Teide. Hotel has a nice gym and also a small pool, great for our little child. Room is well organized with a small kitchen. We spend 8 magnificent nights at this hotel and în beautifull Tenerife. Thanks! Show more Show less Ionut Romania Single Fin Hostel Arona From CAD 42 per night 8.3 Very good 277 reviews Very nice hostel located next to the ones of the most beautiful beaches I saw in Tenerife. The place is pretty calm but you can easily reach touristic area in 15 mins by bus which runs all day and all night so it’s good both for those who want to chill and those who want some fun. Hostel was very clean and the staff! The best staff I ever saw, no joke. Show more Show less Anita Poland Aloe Vera Shared House El Médano From CAD 34 per night 8.2 Very good 669 reviews We arrived at Tenerife in the middle of the night and we very much appreciated friendly staff that made it possible for us to check in remotely and get to our room even after check in hours, without an extra fee. Location of the Hostel is very nice, there is a beautiful beach just across the street, El Médano is about 25min walk from there. Show more Show less Ana Slovenia La Arena sunflowers Puerto de Santiago From CAD 220 per night 8.8 Fabulous 9 reviews Everithing was perfect. Nice Apartment, 3 min walking until the center city and the beach. free parking spaces in front, swimming pool clean and open 24h/24h. the apartment has two bedrooms and a living room, large kitchen. the house is equipped with everything you need for vacation in Tenerife. next time we will stay more days for sure Show more Show less Victor France Bahia Principe Sunlight Tenerife Adeje From CAD 280 per night 8.3 Very good 690 reviews Absolutely delicious food with good variation!!! Very clean rooms, hotel, gardens etc Access to both Bahia Tenerife and Bahia Adeje hotels! Great variety of entertainment Close to outdoor activities (jetski, dolphin/whale watch, parasailing, canyoning, etc) and only 50 minutes from Teide (bus stop nearby). Nice cliffside views of ocean Show more Show less Anonymous Belgium Marga STUDIO H10 Arona 9.5 Exceptional 67 reviews The host is very friendly and helpful. Apartment was very clean, spacious and we'll equiped. The patio area great to enjoy a glass of wine in the evening. Pool quate big with plenty of sun beds. Street Parking 1min away. I would recommend this apartment and if I return to Tenerife I would definitely book it again. Show more Show less Arek United Kingdom Balcon del Mar A&V Ocen View Costa del Silencio Costa Del Silencio 9.1 Superb 61 reviews Wonderful place to stay in Tenerife. Hosts are very helpful and friendly. Apartment tastefully decorated. There is complete kitchen ant balcony with a view to the ocean and amazing sunrise. Very silent place to stay. There are nice paths for walking near ocean. Our family is very happy for choosing this apartment. Show more Show less Deivis Lithuania Apartment Orlando Adeje From CAD 176 per night 9.0 Superb 151 reviews Apartment is very modern and cozy. Contact with the owner was excellent. Very close to the beach and the restaurants, but quiet in the same time. Nice terrace with the pool view - perfect for chilling out and wine sampling ;) This apartment is always my first choice when i come back for holiday to Tenerife. Show more Show less Kamila United Kingdom Catalonia Las Vegas Hotel in Puerto de la Cruz From CAD 103 per night 7.9 Good 1,338 reviews Location. Amazing view if you choose room with balcony and sea view, totally worth the extra euros. Hotel has a rooftop 6 floors above McDonald's with huge potential to become a chill/ happening bar- terrace with one of the best views in Tenerife. Quality of breakfast buffet was good. Show more Show less Luisa Pérez González Malaysia Hotel Médano Hotel in El Médano From CAD 257 per night 7.9 Good 1,796 reviews This is my third stay at El Medano Hotel, and will be back again. From friendly staff, clean spacious rooms with the best view ever. If you want real tenerife and not a tourist resort this is the place and this hotel is the best. Thanks Medano, see you soon. Nick Show more Show less MOTOUK United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Car hire near Tenerife Sur Airport Flying in to Tenerife Sur Airport and need to hire a car? Book it now to pick it up when you touch down. Hotels near Siam Park Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Hotels near Teide National Park Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Flights to Tenerife Reaching Tenerife just got easier! Hotels in Spain Set off to explore the whole country. Hotels near Tenerife Sur Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Tenerife Norte Airport Find hotels conveniently close to the area's most popular airport – perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels on Majorca Discover another popular destination within Spain. Hotels on Ibiza Discover another popular destination within Spain. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440