The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Berlin, Germany - Berlin hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Berlin Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Berlin hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Germany Berlin Federal State Berlin Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Berlin – 698 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Park Inn by Radisson Berlin Alexanderplatz Hotel in Mitte, Berlin This 4-star-superior hotel offers 3 restaurants, a spa and air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen TVs. It is Berlin's tallest hotel and is located directly on Alexanderplatz Square. Show more 7.4 Good 19,791 reviews Price fromCAD 169.90per night Check availability Schulz Hotel Berlin Wall at the East Side Gallery Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin This hotel is located directly next the East Side Gallery in the cool Friedrichshain district of Berlin. The hotel features free WiFi, bar & canteen and a beer garden directly at the Berlin Wall. Show more 8.4 Very good 20,124 reviews Price fromCAD 125.23per night Check availability Hampton by Hilton Berlin City Centre Alexanderplatz Hotel in Mitte, Berlin This hotel is situated in the heart of Berlin, just a 5-minute walk from Alexanderplatz Train Station. Show more 8.1 Very good 13,374 reviews Price fromCAD 155.40per night Check availability NH Collection Berlin Mitte am Checkpoint Charlie Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Just 100 metres from the Friedrichstraße shopping street, this modern, 4-star-superior hotel is centrally located in the Mitte district of Berlin. Show more 8.3 Very good 7,851 reviews Price fromCAD 168.07per night Check availability TITANIC Comfort Mitte Hotel in Mitte, Berlin A 5-minute walk from Spittelmarkt Underground Station, this modern hotel in Berlin’s Mitte district is situated between Alexanderplatz and Potsdamer Platz. Show more 7.8 Good 8,153 reviews Price fromCAD 117.32per night Check availability Maritim proArte Hotel Berlin Hotel in Mitte, Berlin This hotel in central Berlin offers elegant rooms and a spa area with an indoor pool. It is located on Friedrichstrasse shopping street, 300 metres from the underground station. Show more 8.0 Very good 10,375 reviews Price fromCAD 171.63per night Check availability Mondrian Suites Berlin am Checkpoint Charlie Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin Located at the famous Checkpoint Charlie monument in central Berlin, this accommodation offers modern studios and apartments in varying sizes.The Jewish Museum and Friedrichstraße shopping street can... Show more 8.4 Very good 6,237 reviews Price fromCAD 194.87per night Check availability Meliá Berlin Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Offering an exclusive Executive club and spacious rooms, this stylish hotel stands beside the River Spree on Berlin’s Friedrichstraße shopping street. Show more 8.4 Very good 6,757 reviews Price fromCAD 180.15per night Check availability Hotel Gat Point Charlie Hotel in Mitte, Berlin This design hotel is centrally located in Berlin's central Mitte district, just 50 metres from Checkpoint Charlie and the Friedrichstrasse shopping street. Show more 8.1 Very good 6,120 reviews Price fromCAD 109.85per night Check availability Hollywood Media Hotel am Kurfürstendamm Hotel in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, Berlin This Hollywood-themed hotel features a free spa and soundproofed rooms in the heart of Berlin, directly on the Kurfürstendamm shopping street. Show more 8.3 Very good 8,220 reviews Price fromCAD 124.30per night Check availability See all 954 hotels in Berlin Cheapest time to stay in Berlin In January you can stay in Berlin for an average price of CA$126 per night CA$293CA$235CA$176CA$117CA$59CA$0 CA$126 Jan CA$151 Feb CA$155 Mar CA$169 Apr CA$183 May CA$207 Jun CA$180 Jul CA$165 Aug CA$225 Sep CA$194 Oct CA$161 Nov CA$158 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Berlin in the past month See all Hotel Berlin, Berlin, a member of Radisson Individuals Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 7.9 Good · 12,196 reviews MEININGER Hotel Berlin Hauptbahnhof Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 7.4 Good · 13,418 reviews H2 Hotel Berlin-Alexanderplatz Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 8.1 Very good · 17,708 reviews Schulz Hotel Berlin Wall at the East Side Gallery Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 8.4 Very good · 20,109 reviews Park Inn by Radisson Berlin Alexanderplatz Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 7.4 Good · 19,788 reviews Leonardo Hotel Berlin Hotel in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 7.9 Good · 9,701 reviews Vienna House by Wyndham Andel's Berlin Hotel in Lichtenberg, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 8.3 Very good · 6,385 reviews Scandic Berlin Potsdamer Platz Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 8.1 Very good · 12,874 reviews H4 Hotel Berlin Alexanderplatz Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 8.3 Very good · 9,165 reviews IntercityHotel Berlin Hauptbahnhof Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Popular with guests booking hotels in Berlin 8.1 Very good · 13,694 reviews Berlin's best hotels with breakfast See all Selina Berlin Mitte Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Breakfast options Selina Berlin Mitte has a shared lounge, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Berlin. With free WiFi, this 3-star hotel offers a shared kitchen and a tour desk. Amazing location and great service; this is an iconic Hostel Avg. price/night: CAD 172.04 8.2 Very good · 1,329 reviews URBAN LOFT Berlin Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Breakfast options Well set in the centre of Berlin, URBAN LOFT Berlin provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a garden. Super friendly and accommodating staff, thank you! Avg. price/night: CAD 142.42 8.7 Fabulous · 2,829 reviews Precise Tale Berlin Potsdamer Platz Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin Breakfast options Precise Tale Berlin Potsdamer Platz features a fitness centre, garden, a terrace and restaurant in Berlin. Amazing location Luxurious room Such a comfy bed Avg. price/night: CAD 222.37 8.6 Fabulous · 3,503 reviews The Social Hub Berlin Alexanderplatz Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Breakfast options Well set in Berlin, The Social Hub Berlin Alexanderplatz provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a shared lounge. Great location, accomodation, bar and advice from staff Avg. price/night: CAD 125.49 8.2 Very good · 6,578 reviews Hotel AMO by AMANO Friedrichstraße Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Breakfast options Ideally located in the centre of Berlin, Hotel AMO by AMANO Friedrichstraße offers air-conditioned rooms, a garden, free WiFi and a terrace. Beautiful rooms, very comfortable. Central location. Avg. price/night: CAD 132.18 8.2 Very good · 4,001 reviews Hampton By Hilton Berlin City East Side Gallery Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin Breakfast options This stylish hotel lies in Berlin’s popular Friedrichshain district, right between the Mercedes Benz Arena and the East Side Gallery. the rooms were very clean and comfortably furnished Avg. price/night: CAD 183.01 8.5 Very good · 5,520 reviews AC Hotel by Marriott Berlin Humboldthain Park Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Breakfast options In a prime location in the centre of Berlin, AC Hotel by Marriott Berlin Humboldthain Park offers air-conditioned rooms, free bikes, free WiFi and a fitness centre. clean and stylish. receptionist was very friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 142.48 8.0 Very good · 1,348 reviews Hotel Indigo Berlin - East Side Gallery Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin Breakfast options This stylish hotel lies between the Mercedes-Benz Arena and the East Side Gallery, the remaining iconic section of the Berlin Wall. Very very good breakfast, service and atmosphere 👍 Avg. price/night: CAD 209.49 8.9 Fabulous · 2,010 reviews Budget hotels in Berlin See all LOGINN Hotel Berlin Airport Hotel in Treptow-Köpenick, Berlin Budget Hotel Located in Berlin and with East Side Gallery reachable within 19 km, LOGINN Hotel Berlin Airport provides express check-in and check-out, allergy-free rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi throughout the... The location is very reachable with either taxi or train. Avg. price/night: CAD 155.41 8.4 Very good · 1,222 reviews AMANO East Side Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin Budget Hotel Well set in Berlin, AMANO East Side provides air-conditioned rooms, a garden, free WiFi and a terrace. Everything was really great. Will definitely be back! Avg. price/night: CAD 97.40 8.3 Very good · 5,679 reviews Hotel ROMY by AMANO Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Budget Hotel Attractively located in the centre of Berlin, Hotel ROMY by AMANO features air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. Always friendly and warm staff. Amazing value for money Avg. price/night: CAD 122.44 8.3 Very good · 4,543 reviews the niu Flash Hotel in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, Berlin Budget Hotel Located in Berlin and within 2 km of Zoologischer Garten underground station, the niu Flash features a bar, allergy-free rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. a futuristic details that make you want to stay longer Avg. price/night: CAD 108.88 8.4 Very good · 2,963 reviews TITANIC Comfort Kurfürstendamm Hotel in Tempelhof-Schöneberg, Berlin Budget Hotel Ideally located in the centre of Berlin, TITANIC Comfort Kurfürstendamm offers air-conditioned rooms, a garden, free WiFi and a bar. 300 meters from the KaDeWe -- unbeatable location. Avg. price/night: CAD 127.60 8.0 Very good · 4,509 reviews GINN City & Lounge Yorck Berlin !New! Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin Budget Hotel Boasting a bar, GINN City & Lounge Yorck Berlin!New! offers accommodation in Berlin, 1.9 km from Topography of Terror and 2.2 km from Checkpoint Charlie. The location was good. Nice clean and modern hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 161.48 8.5 Very good · 2,184 reviews aletto Hotel Potsdamer Platz Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin Budget Hotel Newly opened in May 2020, this hotel is centrally located in Berlin, within a 15-minute walk from Potsdamer Platz. It offers free WiFi, stylish interiors and a garden to relax in. Great furniture with a collection of Vitra chairs. Avg. price/night: CAD 139.73 8.7 Fabulous · 7,987 reviews the niu Dwarf Hotel in Tempelhof-Schöneberg, Berlin Budget Hotel Located in Berlin, 4.3 km from Zoologischer Garten underground station, the niu Dwarf provides accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking, a restaurant and a bar. it’s quiet and clean, that's all I need for a hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 114.20 8.5 Very good · 4,005 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Berlin See all Wilmina Hotel Hotel in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, Berlin Central location Located in Berlin, 2.3 km from Messe Berlin, Wilmina Hotel provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Random but very good choice of hotel. All liked it! Avg. price/night: CAD 228.37 9.3 Superb · 698 reviews Residenz Villa Kult Hotel in Steglitz-Zehlendorf, Berlin Central location Free private parking and spacious accommodation with free Wi-Fi are offered by this elegant hotel. Surrounded by gardens, it enjoys a peaceful location in Berlin’s Steglitz district. The hosts and staff were gracious and very knowledgeable. 9.3 Superb · 500 reviews The Mandala Hotel Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Central location This 5-star design hotel in central Berlin offers stylish studios and suites with kitchen facilities. Great location and amenities. Room was really spacious Avg. price/night: CAD 303.18 8.9 Fabulous · 1,638 reviews Hotel Luc, Autograph Collection Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Central location Centrally located on Berlin’s Gendarmenmarkt Square, this boutique hotel offers gourmet food, exclusive spa facilities, and stylish rooms with marble décor. Location, cleanliness, Services and nice decoration 8.9 Fabulous · 486 reviews Hotel Rotdorn Hotel in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, Berlin Central location This stylish boutique hotel is situated in western Berlin, offering great connections to Messe Berlin exhibition grounds and to the Olympic Stadium. Super style, and atmospheric relax ...So good and kind personal!!!!!! 8.9 Fabulous · 528 reviews Boutique Hotel Château Royal Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Central location Ideally located in the centre of Berlin, Boutique Hotel Château Royal offers air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. Location was perfect. Walking distance to Brandenburg. Avg. price/night: CAD 361.40 8.8 Fabulous · 585 reviews Telegraphenamt Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Central location Well situated in the centre of Berlin, Telegraphenamt offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. Stunning room very cleverly design and comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 460.21 8.8 Fabulous · 273 reviews Grimm's Potsdamer Platz Hotel in Mitte, Berlin Central location Offering fitness facilities, Grimm´s Hotel am Potsdamer Platz is centrally located in Berlin. Great central location and beautifully appointed room Avg. price/night: CAD 179.93 8.8 Fabulous · 7,145 reviews FAQs about hotels in Berlin How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Berlin? On average, 3-star hotels in Berlin cost CAD 193 per night, and 4-star hotels in Berlin are CAD 237 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Berlin can on average be found for CAD 371 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Berlin for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Berlin this weekend is CAD 237 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 292. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Berlin for this weekend cost on average around CAD 481 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Berlin for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 175 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Berlin for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 244 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Berlin will cost around CAD 414 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Berlin are good for families? Many families visiting Berlin loved staying at sly Berlin, Residenz Villa Kult and Wilmina Hotel. What are the best hotels in Berlin near Alexanderplatz? Some of the best hotels in Berlin near Alexanderplatz include Motel One Berlin-Alexanderplatz, Casa Camper Berlin and Motel One Berlin-Hackescher Markt. What are the best hotels in Berlin near Berlin Brandenburg Airport? Travellers who stayed in Berlin near Berlin Brandenburg Airport (BER) have said good things about Steigenberger Airport Hotel Berlin, IntercityHotel Berlin Airport BER Terminal 1 & 2 and ipartment Berlin Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Berlin? KPM Hotel & Residences, Hotel Adlon Kempinski Berlin and The Ritz-Carlton, Berlin are some of the popular hotels in Berlin. What hotels in Berlin offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Berlin that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try sly Berlin, Wil7 Boutique Hotel and Vienna House Easy by Wyndham Berlin Potsdamer Platz. What hotels in Berlin are good for couples? These hotels in Berlin are highly rated by couples: Wilmina Hotel, Vienna House Easy by Wyndham Berlin Potsdamer Platz and sly Berlin. What hotels in Berlin have nice views? Residenz Villa Kult, The Mandala Hotel and Radisson Collection Hotel, Berlin have received great reviews from travellers in Berlin regarding the views from their hotel rooms. A Symbol of Modern Europe Home to the iconic Brandenburg Gate and the famous Fernsehturm at Alexanderplatz, Berlin is a renowned global city of culture, commerce and politics. Its eclectic architecture is visual and exciting proof of its fascinating history. In 'Mitte', the city’s historical centre, you can find the famous Museum Island with the exquisite Pergamon Museum, as well as popular cafés, restaurants and clubs. The nearby Potsdamer Platz, once divided in two by the Berlin Wall, features great examples of ultramodern architecture and stunning night illumination. Berlin is the best place to try the famous Currywurst or jelly doughnuts, the Pfannkuchen. Explore the city’s bustling nightlife, famous festivals and parades, or simply walk through charming neighbourhoods like Prenzlauer Berg. Berlin is always full of things to do and see! Combining a vibrant culture and art scene, sites of historic interest like the Reichstag, and great shopping opportunities, the German capital truly is a symbol of a modern and unified Europe. Travelling to the city centre from Tegel International and Schönefeld Airports is a piece of cake using Berlin’s reliable public transit system. Whether you are looking for a cheap hostel, alternative apartment or a chic hotel, Booking.com has a perfect room for your Berlin holiday. Learn more about visiting Berlin 446 attractions 152 points of interest 31 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Berlin: 10 We visited Berlin with my husband. We visited Berlin with my husband. We bought tickets for Madonna's concert in Berlin. The apartment is in a very convenient location and very close to the Mercedes Benz Arena, where the concert was held. We are very pleased! Yuliana Bulgaria 10 Art galleries, museums, and monuments are what make this... Art galleries, museums, and monuments are what make this city so exciting, welcoming people, and a recognition of their past, both the good and the bad. Schnitzel was great, still not a fan of sauerkraut! Simon U New Zealand 10 First time in Berlin and we loved it ! First time in Berlin and we loved it ! Great transit, all the major landmarks are stunning. Jewish museum is one of the best I've attended. Potsdam was a great day trip. Trip to the Reichstag was very interesting- beautiful building a tour- the lunch was overpriced and I would not recommend it. epyatt Canada 10 A wonderful, historic and ecclecticlly artsy city. A wonderful, historic and ecclecticlly artsy city. Amazing stories from the middle ages through the cold war with museums and super interesting sites. Art permeates the city life. Authentic food from all over the world is everywhere. Flay and very walkable but public transport is great as well. Paul Luxembourg 10 Berlin is a must visit city. Berlin is a must visit city. It’s so interesting and cultural. Getting around is very easy and fast. Lots to see and do. Lots of restaurants and bars. Everything that anyone might look for one will find in Berlin. David Germany 10 Berlin is a cultured city and very diverse. Berlin is a cultured city and very diverse. So a buzz feeling and the people are very friendly.. There is lots to explore and do. I recommended you need to stay at least a week to take in its history and to tour more around the city. The only downfull was my stay was not long enough, but I will be back! 🙂 SusanG Wales United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Berlin See all Hotel-Pension Michele Tempelhof-Schöneberg, Berlin From CAD 124 per night 8.7 Fabulous 513 reviews Lovely and very comfortable big room with a Great location right in the heart of Berlin near lots of restaurants and supermarkets and the the tourist friendly underground the line (U2) is 2 minutes walk from the hotel. But to me the very best things about this hotel was the hospitality and the kindness of the hotel manager and how he was willing to help with anything just to make sure you gonna be comfortable as there guest . I never felt so welcomed in a hotel like how I felt with them and definitely I’ll be back to the hotel :-) Show more Show less Sultan Kuwait SANA Berlin Hotel Hotel in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, Berlin From CAD 191 per night 8.5 Very good 4,510 reviews Staff was very hospitable and went above and beyond, from the concierge who facilitated a late ironing for my suit to the very attentive and nice people serving breakfast. Speaking of breakfast, this was the best hotel breakfast I have ever had in Germany, you could not have wished for more, including constant refills of coffee and fresh orange juice at the table. The extra comfort room in the top floor was just fantastic. The water pressure in the shower, the comfy level of the bed and the overall style of the room. Show more Show less Florian Germany Leonardo Royal Hotel Berlin Alexanderplatz Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin From CAD 117 per night 8.4 Very good 10,466 reviews The spacious double room was clean and comfortable, the hotel was very good for a 4 star hotel at a good location. It was easy to get to the tram and train stations, breakfast and cafe, restaurants, city centre and the main sightseeing locations. The staff at the hotel were helpful and efficient when it comes to responding to our enquiries and requests. We would definitely return to this hotel and would love to visit Berlin again soon. Highly recommend people for this hotel! Show more Show less Tammi United Kingdom Capri by Fraser Berlin Mitte, Berlin From CAD 145 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,237 reviews Very nice hotel in the center of Berlin. The location is great within a walking distance from all the improtant sights in Berlin Mitte. Also there are a couple bus stops and a metro station nearby so you can conveniently get to any further destination. The room was clean, nicely furnished and really quiet. The staff was helpful to meet our requests and resolved any small issues that occured during our stay. If I ever visit Berlin again I will surely come back. Show more Show less Anna Poland MEININGER Hotel Berlin East Side Gallery Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin From CAD 23 per night 7.8 Good 5,896 reviews I recommend this hotel. Great location close to the city centre. Comfortable beds, also the bunk beds are great for children. I think this hotel is good for families. The stuff on the reception was polite and friendly. Our room had a really nice view. I could see east side gallery out of the window. We were satisfied with our stay in Meininger Hotel Berlin East Side Gallery. Affordable place to stay in Berlin. Show more Show less Lisa Germany Pestana Berlin Tiergarten Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 146 per night 8.1 Very good 4,759 reviews Clean and very nice staff. Lots of towels. The room had an empty refrigiator and a tv. I loved the bathroom. Everything you needed was there. I loved that it was close to the embassy and we could walk from the hotel. Great that the staff spoke well in english,which is strange for Germany, but probably not for people in Berlin. I would def come back if I could place a crib for my baby in the room. Show more Show less Arbiana Germany Grand Hyatt Berlin Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 269 per night 8.7 Fabulous 2,364 reviews Location right in the city centre of Berlin, a lot of things to do around. Super friendly and welcoming staff, our every wish was done! Excellent breakfast, staff literally running around and serving with the speed of light. Very comfortable room and the best cosmetics I got in a hotel ever. Can access the parking right from the lobby and the exit by car is convenient for going to the airport. Show more Show less Valentyna Obraztsova Czech Republic MOXY Berlin Humboldthain Park Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 111 per night 7.9 Good 2,082 reviews The location for this hotel is great - right by a number of eateries and the Gesundbrunnen station that will quickly take you into the city centre. The staff at this hotel was super helpful in transferring me into another room when I had issues with my air conditioning. There is also bar/food options onsite and an underground car park. I plan to stay here again on my next trip to Berlin. Show more Show less Katherine Australia Pullman Berlin Schweizerhof Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 198 per night 8.5 Very good 4,811 reviews I loved the location, right across from Berlin zoo and very near a fabulous shopping / restaurants area. the hotel rooms were a good size for city centre and clean on arrival. the pool / sauna area was nice. although not the best managed! the thermal suite area was nice but only two people allowed in the entire area at one time which was a bit OTT. Show more Show less Miriam Ireland NH Berlin Kurfürstendamm Hotel in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, Berlin From CAD 121 per night 8.1 Very good 3,609 reviews Our stay in NH Berlin Kurfürstendamm was wonderful. Cleanliness at he highest level. Spacious, bright and well equipped rooms. Extra helpful and friendly staff. Hotel is located in a nice neighborhood, we find finds great restaurants for diner at evening and nice coffee shops in the morning. Hotel is just few metro/bus station away from city center. Show more Show less Milena Serbia Hotel 38 Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 104 per night 8.3 Very good 3,721 reviews The Hotel is located in Mitte which is very close to the city centre and attractions such as the main Museums, Alexanderplatz or the Brandenburg gate. All can be reached by foot, but there are also metro and tram stations near to the hotel. The breakfast is amazing and at a very reasonable price. The staff is welcoming and speaks excellent English. Show more Show less Anna Maria Croatia Lux 11 Berlin-Mitte Mitte, Berlin From CAD 192 per night 8.4 Very good 1,405 reviews It’s really close to Berlin Mitte and the Alexanderplatz, it’s just a 5-8 Minutes walk. It’s located at the Prenzlauerberg, where you can stroll the area and discover little restaurants, etc. The room also included a balcony with 2 chairs to the backside of the hotel (the inner courtyard) perfect to relax and enjoy as well. Show more Show less Chris Switzerland Hotel Comenius Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin From CAD 78 per night 7.9 Good 419 reviews New operator Marco and team have brought much needed youthful energy to this hotel, friendly people and much more modern rooms. The balcony I had was awesome and I hope to return to it in better weather. Probably the best value hotel you can find in Berlin now and at an unbeatable location Show more Show less Aaron United States The Westin Grand Berlin Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 233 per night 8.6 Fabulous 5,552 reviews the location is amazing. close to everything. room is also big and comfortable. The staff of the hotel:reception, bar people also very friendly every one, the man that caring one the luggage very polite and asked me if I had a great stayed. for Germany service is super friendly. Show more Show less Cláudia Germany Schulz Hotel Berlin Wall at the East Side Gallery Hotel in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin From CAD 82 per night 8.4 Very good 20,124 reviews The location was amazing, it was right next to the East side gallery. Transport links to the airport and other cities in Germany were excellent, as it was across the street from Berlin’s Ostbahnhof. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the other hotel guests were lively. Show more Show less Rohan United States Mercure Hotel Berlin City Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 123 per night 8.1 Very good 4,218 reviews Mercure Berlin City is one of my favorite hotels to stay for a weekend overnight, period. Awesome location in the city center, parking downstairs, great rooms and very nice staff, and breakfast - is one of the best I've had. Definitely a recommended stay in Berlin. Show more Show less Blackeyeliner Czech Republic art'otel berlin mitte, Powered by Radisson Hotels Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 163 per night 8.3 Very good 2,427 reviews This hotel is in the heart of Berlin Mitte and is Close to almost everything. The Aesthetic is very modern and My room was perfect, i honestly have no complaints whatsoever. The reception was nice and cheerful, I had no issues settling down. Show more Show less Stanley Lithuania Hotel ROMY by AMANO Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 111 per night 8.3 Very good 4,543 reviews Clean, modern boutique hotel in a great location and very close to Berlin central station. I loved the decor. Despite it being located on a busy road it is quiet at night. I already made another booking for family members. Show more Show less Kristin United States Leonardo Hotel Berlin Mitte Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 124 per night 8.2 Very good 12,591 reviews my 4th stay in this hotel. great as usual. breakfast has excellent variety, tasty. super clean as always, location is the best you can find in Berlin. Show more Show less Hod87 Israel The Ritz-Carlton, Berlin Hotel in Mitte, Berlin From CAD 495 per night 9.0 Superb 1,082 reviews Perfect room, perfect service, good food, all pandemic conform and the smokers lounge is Berlin‘s (probably Germany’s) best Show more Show less Chris Germany Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Berlin Brandenburg Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Hotels in Berlin Federal State Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Car hire in Berlin Hire a car and hit the road. Things to do in Berlin How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels in Potsdam Find more hotels in a city close to Potsdam. Hotels in Oranienburg Find more hotels in a city close to Oranienburg. Hotels in Mitte Explore Berlin while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Berlin City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. When to visit Germany Events, prices, the weather and more. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Berlin Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1866460,1846890,1847760,1871440,1833870,1870380|3,1870380|8,1870380,1847760|3