The 10 best cottages in Montréal, Canada | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Cottages in Montréal Charming and idyllic; a cottage break is the perfect getaway. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home All cottages Canada Quebec Montréal The 10 Best Cottages in Montréal, Canada Check out our pick of great cottages in Montréal Show hotels on map Filter by: Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates 4 Bedrooms Beautiful Townhouse Montréal Situated in Montréal in the Quebec region, 4 Bedrooms Beautiful Townhouse has a patio. The air-conditioned accommodation is 3.4 km from Bell Centre, and guests can benefit from complimentary WiFi and private parking available on site. The property is non-smoking and is located 3.5 km from Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. Amy United States It was large enough for all 8 of us to stay comfortably. It was in a nice location; a lot of shops, restaurants and a grocery store within walking distance. Uber rides to popular areas picked up quickly and we’re only 5-10 minutes away. The neighbors were helpful and friendly. Parking was available. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 26 reviews Price from CAD 577.12 per night Check availability Peace House Subway&Private parking 5 mins Downtown Montréal Boasting air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony, Peace House Subway&Private parking 5 mins Downtown is situated in Montréal. With city views, this accommodation features a patio. There is a terrace and guests can make use of free WiFi, free private parking and an electric vehicle charging station. Siddharth Canada The house has a pleasing and lovely aesthetic touch to it. It was super clean. The beds were comfortable. The neighborhood is quiet. The host was really friendly and I had a good time with my family Show more Show less 9 Superb 24 reviews Price from CAD 143.28 per night Check availability Modern Townhouse with Rooftop Deck Montréal Set in Montréal in the Quebec region, Modern Townhouse with Rooftop Deck offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. The property is around 7 km from Saint Joseph's Oratory, 7.1 km from Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and 7.5 km from Mount Royal Park. The property is non-smoking and is situated 6.9 km from Bell Centre. Aderemi Canada We love the ambiance. Location central and easy access to all activities Everything as described online. Wonderful and accommodating host Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 6 reviews Price from CAD 374 per night Check availability Bell Center/Crescent street is your neighbor Downtown Montreal, Montréal Bell Center/Crescent street is your neighbor offers accommodation within 600 metres of the centre of Montréal, with free WiFi, and a kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave. This holiday home provides air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony. Montreal Museum of Fine Arts is less than 1 km away and Montreal Convention Centre is 1.8 km from the holiday home. Pham Vietnam In downtown and full furniture Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 32 reviews Price from CAD 63.75 per night Check availability Large 3 Bed 2 Bath for 8 in Center of Golden Square Mile - Stanley House Downtown Montreal, Montréal The spacious holiday home has 3 bedrooms, a TV with cable channels, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, a washing machine, and 2 bathrooms with a bath. Towels and bed linen are available in the holiday home. The accommodation offers a fireplace. Margaret Australia There was plenty of room, the property had character and it was within easy access to everything. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 8 reviews Price from CAD 306 per night Check availability Parc Avenue Residences Mile End 4 stars Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Situated 2.7 km from IGA Stadium, Parc Avenue Residences Mile End offers air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony and free WiFi. This recently renovated holiday home is located 2.7 km from Percival Molson Memorial Stadium and 3.2 km from University of Montreal - UdeM. This 4-star holiday home offers private entrance. Krzysztof Canada Greeting by the desk person, cleanliness and comfort, ambiance of the neighborhood Show more Show less 7.1 Good 347 reviews Price from CAD 85 per night Check availability Amazing 4-Bedrooms MONTREAL Hochelaga-Maisonneuve, Montréal Featuring air-conditioned accommodation with a terrace, Amazing 4-Bedrooms MONTREAL is set in Montréal. Complimentary WiFi is featured throughout the property and private parking is available on site. The property is non-smoking and is situated 1.2 km from Saputo Stadium. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 3 reviews Price from CAD 269.10 per night Check availability City Explorer's Dream DTMontreal Downtown Montreal, Montréal In the centre of Montréal, located within a short distance of Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and Ogilvy, City Explorer's Dream DTMontreal offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities such as a fridge and coffee machine. This property offers access to a terrace and free private parking. The property is non-smoking and is situated 1.7 km from Bell Centre. Show more Show less 6 Review score 2 reviews Price from CAD 349 per night Check availability Villa Dante By Denstays Montréal The spacious holiday home has 4 bedrooms, a TV, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, a washing machine, and 2 bathrooms with a bath. Towels and bed linen are available in the holiday home. The accommodation offers a fireplace. Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 2 reviews Price from CAD 696 per night Check availability Stylish townhome Dt Mtl Downtown Montreal, Montréal The spacious villa features 2 bedrooms, a flat-screen TV with streaming services and a fully equipped kitchen that provides guests with a dishwasher, an oven, a washing machine, a microwave and a fridge. Towels and bed linen are available in the villa. There is also a seating area and a fireplace. Show more Show less 3.7 Review score 3 reviews Price from CAD 284.29 per night Check availability All cottages in Montréal Cottages in Montréal: things to know Popular neighbourhood Plateau Mont Royal Popular months October, August, July Average stay 2 nights Average price per night CAD 431 Available cottages in Montréal 24 Looking for a cottage? Cottages are perfect for travellers who enjoy feeling cosy and independent in the countryside. Usually small, traditionally built houses, cottages spread across one or two floors, making them great for families, or holidays with a little more privacy. Search cottages in Montréal Enjoy breakfast at cottages in Montréal! See all Peace House Subway&Private parking 5 mins Downtown Montréal Breakfast options Boasting air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony, Peace House Subway&Private parking 5 mins Downtown is situated in Montréal. With city views, this accommodation features a patio. Very nice stay, quiet and confortable! It was really great. I recommend 100% 9.0 Superb · 24 reviews Modern Townhouse with Rooftop Deck Montréal Breakfast options Set in Montréal in the Quebec region, Modern Townhouse with Rooftop Deck offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. La luminosité, l'accessibilité, les équipements 9.8 Exceptional · 6 reviews Large 3 Bed 2 Bath for 8 in Center of Golden Square Mile - Stanley House Montréal Breakfast options Situated in the centre of Montréal, 600 metres from Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and 800 metres from Ogilvy, Large 3 Bed 2 Bath for 8 in Center of Golden Square Mile - Stanley House offers free WiFi... Location was great.. Beds were great. Place was clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 668.51 8.1 Very good · 8 reviews Urban Getaway Dt Mtl Townhome Montréal Breakfast options In the centre of Montréal, located within a short distance of Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and Ogilvy, Urban Getaway Dt Mtl Townhome offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities such as... Downtown MTL Gem Townhome Montréal Breakfast options Right in the heart of Montréal, situated within a short distance of Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and Ogilvy, Downtown MTL Gem Townhome offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities such... City Explorer's Dream DTMontreal Montréal Breakfast options In the centre of Montréal, located within a short distance of Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and Ogilvy, City Explorer's Dream DTMontreal offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities such... 6.0 Pleasant · 2 reviews Private Oasis for Ultimate Relaxation Montréal Breakfast options Situated in Montréal, Private Oasis for Ultimate Relaxation features accommodation with private pool, free WiFi and free private parking for guests who drive. Victorian house Montréal Breakfast options In the centre of Montréal, located within a short distance of Bell Centre and Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, Victorian house offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities such as a... These cottages in Montréal have options with FREE cancellation See all 4 Bedrooms Beautiful Townhouse Montréal Free cancellation options available Situated in Montréal in the Quebec region, 4 Bedrooms Beautiful Townhouse has a patio. Nice, clean and quite place. Had a good time staying here. Avg. price/night: CAD 858.69 9.1 Superb · 26 reviews Parc Avenue Residences Mile End Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Free cancellation options available Situated 2.7 km from IGA Stadium, Parc Avenue Residences Mile End offers air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony and free WiFi. Beautiful unit. Felt like I was staying in my own condo. Avg. price/night: CAD 323.19 7.1 Good · 347 reviews Amazing 4-Bedrooms MONTREAL Hochelaga-Maisonneuve, Montréal Free cancellation options available Featuring air-conditioned accommodation with a terrace, Amazing 4-Bedrooms MONTREAL is set in Montréal. Complimentary WiFi is featured throughout the property and private parking is available on site. Avg. price/night: CAD 318.80 9.3 Superb · 3 reviews Le domaine Montréal Free cancellation options available Situated in Montréal, 12 km from Saputo Stadium and 12 km from Montreal Biodome, Le domaine offers a garden and air conditioning. This property offers access to a balcony and free private parking. Avg. price/night: CAD 831.60 4.2 Disappointing · 13 reviews Villa Dante By Denstays Montréal Free cancellation options available Situated in Montréal, 1.4 km from IGA Stadium and 4.4 km from Percival Molson Memorial Stadium, Villa Dante By Denstays features air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony and free WiFi. 10.0 Exceptional · 2 reviews Stylish townhome Dt Mtl Montréal Free cancellation options available Right in the heart of Montréal, situated within a short distance of Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and Ogilvy, Stylish townhome Dt Mtl offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities such as... 3.7 Poor · 3 reviews Hip 3 bed Townhome with Garage Dt MTL Montréal Free cancellation options available In the heart of Montréal, set within a short distance of Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and Ogilvy, Hip 3 bed Townhome with Garage Dt MTL offers free WiFi, air conditioning and household amenities such... Avg. price/night: CAD 812.48 Villa Delrose Waterfront Montréal Free cancellation options available Situated in Montréal, Villa Delrose Waterfront provides accommodation with a private pool, a balcony and pool views. Guests can benefit from a patio and a picnic area. 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review FAQs about cottages in Montréal How much does it cost to stay in a cottage in Montréal? On average, a cottage in Montréal costs CAD 271 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a cottage in Montréal for this weekend? The average price per night for a cottage in Montréal for this weekend is CAD 736 (based on Booking.com prices). How much would a cottage in Montréal cost for tonight? The average price of a cottage in Montréal for this evening is CAD 903 (based on Booking.com prices). Which cottages in Montréal are good for families? Many families visiting Montréal enjoyed staying at Modern Townhouse with Rooftop Deck, Peace House Subway&Private parking 5 mins Downtown and 4 Bedrooms Beautiful Townhouse. What are some of the best cottages for stays in Montréal? Modern Townhouse with Rooftop Deck, 4 Bedrooms Beautiful Townhouse and Peace House Subway&Private parking 5 mins Downtown are some of our most popular cottages in Montréal. Which cottages in Montréal are good for couples? These cottages in Montréal are highly rated by couples: Peace House Subway&Private parking 5 mins Downtown, Bell Center/Crescent street is your neighbor and Modern Townhouse with Rooftop Deck. What cottages in Montréal have nice views? Bell Center/Crescent street is your neighbor, Peace House Subway&Private parking 5 mins Downtown and 4 Bedrooms Beautiful Townhouse have received great reviews from guests in Montréal regarding the views from these cottages. Cottages that guests love in Montréal See all Sonder Maisonneuve Cottage in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 229.35 8.7 Fabulous 1,094 reviews Great apartment, very nice, well organised, modern. Very nice with a swimming pool and hot tub outside and sauna and gym Great location. Walking distance from the center (old town a little further away, but doable), subway close by but not used. Shops for groceries close by. Musee des Beaux Arts close by. Show more Show less MartineFamily with young children Terrasse Royale Hotel Cottage in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 149 8.7 Fabulous 1,295 reviews A huge space in room and even a walk-in closet, also the fireplace is cozy. Also there are 21 sockets! Amazing 😂 Show more Show less Chiao-AnPeople with friends HONEYROSE Hotel, Montreal, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel Cottage in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 203 9.4 Superb 312 reviews My boyfriend and I loved everything. The hotel was absolutely beautiful with incredible, modern amenities such as a gorgeous restaurant, terrasse, gym, pool, sauna, and hot tub. We received everything we requested and more, such as surprise cupcakes in our room to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. We wish we could have stayed longer! Show more Show less CherryYoung couple Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Cottage in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 161 8.2 Very good 4,842 reviews Outdoor space including pool, hot tub and Sauna were great Show more Show less D.Wright8Young couple Hotel Le Deville Cottage in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 79 7.8 Good 847 reviews Hotel Le Deville is a cozy stay in downtown Montreal. The hotel staff are very helpful, especially Cardon, who was eager to make my stay comfortable. My room was clean, cozy, and well-appointed, with comfortable beds, plenty of natural light, and all the amenities you need to feel right at home. Overall, I highly recommend this small hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable, welcoming stay in a charming setting. Thank you. Show more Show less KhaledSolo traveller Hotel Bonaventure Montreal Cottage in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 161 8.2 Very good 4,842 reviews Love the pool, hot tub and sauna, although the sauna has a draft and doesn't heat up as much as we would have liked. The room was nothing fancy but I cant say enough about the heated pool and all the outdoor things! Would stay here again in a heartbeat! Show more Show less AlysaPeople with friends Holiday Inn Montreal Centre Ville Downtown, an IHG Hotel Cottage in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 161.10 7.8 Good 1,637 reviews Generally the hotel was great, it was so nice to be so close to metros and the Chinatown shops and restaurants. The pagoda and cultural art and Koi fish in the lobby next to the restaurant were a big hit with our little one and our family especially during lunar new year. The room was as expected and comfortable, nice to have a pool/hot tub/sauna/gym on site. Show more Show less Lili-AnneFamily with young children Holiday Inn Montreal Centre Ville Downtown, an IHG Hotel Cottage in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 161.10 7.8 Good 1,637 reviews I liked the room, hot tub, swimming pool and sauna. I liked the location as it was right beside the Palais des Congres where I was working. Show more Show less KimSolo traveller Holiday Inn Montreal Centre Ville Downtown, an IHG Hotel Cottage in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 161.10 7.8 Good 1,637 reviews Good location. Warm water pool and good for kids. Hot tub and sauna. Show more Show less MatthiasFamily with young children Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Montréal Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Cottages in Toronto Discover another destination in Canada. Cottages in Niagara Falls Discover another destination in Canada. Hotels near Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Montréal/St-Hubert Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Cottages in Laval Find more hotels in a city close to Laval. Cottages in Plattsburgh Flexible on where to stay? Look up cottages in nearby Plattsburgh, not too far from Montréal. Hotels in Downtown Montreal Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Old Montreal Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1859450|1,1860250,1846950,1871440,1859450