The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Cork, Ireland - Cork hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Cork Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Cork hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Ireland County Cork Cork Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Cork – 100 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Radisson BLU Hotel & Spa, Little Island Cork 4 stars Hotel in Cork Cork's most luxurious hotel offers new standards of style and service to both the business and leisure traveller. tracy Kuwait I appreciated the complimentary water as it was extremely hot outside. Location was great (although only if you are driving there) as it was a good starting point for surrounding places to visit.. Parking was free. Lots of pamphlets advertising places to visit. Room was spacious. The spa facilities looked great but we were visiting Ireland to sight see so didn't use them. Breakfast was good. Show more Show less 7.6 Good 3,683 reviews Price from CAD 182 per night Check availability Imperial Hotel Cork City 4 stars Hotel in Cork Located in the heart of Cork city, The Imperial Hotel is less than a minute’s walk from Cork’s main shopping district restaurants and nightlife. It boasts air-conditioned rooms and Escape Spa. Paul Greece Amazing hotel in the heart of Cork. Great staff, friendly and helpful. High-end restaurant. Spacious room with good facilities (thanks for the chocolate). Incredible hotel with a fascinating history. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 3,755 reviews Price from CAD 234 per night Check availability Oriel House Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Cork A 15-minute drive from Cork Airport and city centre, Oriel House Hotel has a pool, restaurant and bar. The rooms have flat-screen TVs and free Wi-Fi. Yann France Greta rooms, nice and clean. Great amenities. Staff was very accommodating to request and did their best. Large parking outside and inside. Really comfortable bed Show more Show less 7.8 Good 2,733 reviews Price from CAD 189 per night Check availability The Kingsley Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Cork On the South Bank of the River Lee in Cork, The Kingsley Hotel features a luxury, organic Spa, a modern health club and an indoor pool. Nadia Greece Professional and spotless staff, well done picking your people. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 2,378 reviews Price from CAD 262 per night Check availability Clayton Hotel Silver Springs 4 stars Hotel in Cork Stylish, spacious rooms, landscaped gardens, and an à la carte restaurant are offered at this 4-star hotel. Less than 5 minutes’ drive from Cork’s centre. Tara United States Restaurant at the hotel was convenient. Lots of parking. Show more Show less 7.5 Good 2,349 reviews Price from CAD 183 per night Check availability The Dean Cork 4 stars Hotel in Cork Set in Cork, 400 metres from Cork Custom House, The Dean Cork features views of the city. Featuring a bar, the 4-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, each with a private bathroom. Maureen United Arab Emirates The coffee machine in particular Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 3,296 reviews Price from CAD 302 per night Check availability Maldron Hotel South Mall Cork City 4 stars Hotel in Cork Maldron Hotel South Mall Cork City is located in the centre of Cork City Centre. The property is close to several well-known tourist attractions, shopping areas and the social hub of the city centre. Brendan Canada LOVELY LARGECORNER ROOM. WELL APPOINED. GOOD BATHROOM. ROOM SERVICE WAS SUPERB Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 4,619 reviews Price from CAD 204 per night Check availability The River Lee Hotel a member of The Doyle Collection 4 stars Hotel in Cork On the banks of Cork’s River Lee, this luxurious hotel is a 5-minute walk from central Cork. It boasts air-conditioned rooms, bistro, and secure, on-site car parking. Iwa Spain Front office welcoming and guest care made our experience truly unique! Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 1,922 reviews Price from CAD 282 per night Check availability Carrigaline Court Hotel & Leisure Centre 4 stars Hotel in Cork In the heart of the bustling town of Carrigaline in County Cork, this 4-star hotel offers free parking, luxurious accommodation and superb leisure facilities, including a 20-metre indoor pool. RIO Germany Very friendly and helpful staff ( reception, cleaner, breakfast team). Very delicious breakfast. Unfortunately we stayed only 1 night and didn't have time to enjoy the facility ( pool, etc) Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 1,262 reviews Price from CAD 246 per night Check availability Maryborough Hotel & Spa 4 stars Hotel in Cork Set in 14 acres of 300-year-old listed gardens, Maryborough Hotel & Spa boasts elegant rooms with bathrobes, a luxurious spa, and an AA Rosette restaurant. Marcelo United States Being a historic building adds a lot of charm to the trip Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 1,028 reviews Price from CAD 322 per night Check availability See all 48 hotels in Cork Cheapest time to stay in Cork In January you can stay in Cork for an average price of CA$208 per night CA$419CA$335CA$252CA$168CA$84CA$0 CA$208 Jan CA$232 Feb CA$250 Mar CA$265 Apr CA$279 May CA$323 Jun CA$285 Jul CA$287 Aug CA$289 Sep CA$279 Oct CA$245 Nov CA$258 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Cork in the past month See all Leonardo Hotel Cork - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 8.0 Very good · 6,586 reviews Imperial Hotel Cork City Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 8.7 Fabulous · 3,756 reviews Maldron Hotel South Mall Cork City Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 8.4 Very good · 4,611 reviews Clayton Hotel Cork City Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 8.1 Very good · 4,099 reviews Radisson BLU Hotel & Spa, Little Island Cork Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 7.6 Good · 3,683 reviews Cork International Hotel Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 8.7 Fabulous · 3,295 reviews The Dean Cork Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 8.6 Fabulous · 3,295 reviews Rochestown Park Hotel Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 7.5 Good · 4,384 reviews Clayton Hotel Silver Springs Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 7.5 Good · 2,351 reviews The River Lee Hotel a member of The Doyle Collection Hotel in Cork Popular with guests booking hotels in Cork 8.7 Fabulous · 1,920 reviews Cork's best hotels with breakfast See all The Kingsley Hotel Hotel in Cork Breakfast options On the South Bank of the River Lee in Cork, The Kingsley Hotel features a luxury, organic Spa, a modern health club and an indoor pool. Beautiful hotel with every aspect we’ll considered Avg. price/night: CAD 276.82 8.9 Fabulous · 2,378 reviews Leonardo Hotel Cork - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Cork Breakfast options Leonardo Hotel Cork - Formerly Jurys Inn, is located on Anderson’s Quay overlooking the River Lee. Location car park staff very friendly and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 196.41 8.0 Very good · 6,586 reviews Cork International Hotel Hotel in Cork Breakfast options This hotel is directly opposite Cork Airport with a free shuttle service. It is just a 10-minute drive from Cork City, where there are shops, vibrant bars and restaurants. The ambience was so good. The staff were excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 191.13 8.7 Fabulous · 3,295 reviews Cork's Vienna Woods Hotel & Villas Hotel in Cork Breakfast options Located in the Glanmire Valley, Cork's Vienna Woods Hotel & Villas is a 10-minute drive from Cork city centre. It offers large rooms with baths, showers and free WiFi, a restaurant and free parking. Excellent stay. Very friendly staff. Comfortable room. Avg. price/night: CAD 183.08 8.6 Fabulous · 1,111 reviews Oriel House Hotel Hotel in Cork Breakfast options A 15-minute drive from Cork Airport and city centre, Oriel House Hotel has a pool, restaurant and bar. The rooms have flat-screen TVs and free Wi-Fi. Comfort of room and communal areas Dinner in restaurant Avg. price/night: CAD 203.58 7.8 Good · 2,732 reviews Radisson BLU Hotel & Spa, Little Island Cork Hotel in Cork Breakfast options Cork's most luxurious hotel offers new standards of style and service to both the business and leisure traveller. Very Clean, nice welcome. Good Staff very pleasant Avg. price/night: CAD 222.62 7.6 Good · 3,683 reviews Maldron Hotel Shandon Cork City Hotel in Cork Breakfast options The 4-star Maldron Hotel Shandon Cork is located in Cork's city centre, just a few minutes' walk from St. Patrick's Street and Opera Lane. It features a leisure centre. The pool was nice and the beds were very comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 225.55 7.6 Good · 2,891 reviews Rochestown Park Hotel Hotel in Cork Breakfast options The Rochestown Park Hotel offers elegant rooms with marble bathrooms, a leisure centre with pool and beauty salon, and a fine-dining restaurant, just 5 miles from Cork and its airport. Excellent service and lovely food and comfortable room Avg. price/night: CAD 189.13 7.5 Good · 4,384 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Cork See all Hayfield Manor Hotel in Cork Central location Set in leafy grounds just 15 minutes’ walk from Cork centre, Hayfield Manor is a luxury hotel with a beauty spa and an elegant restaurant. Cork International Airport is a 15-minute drive away. Comfort, luxury, great food, friendly and receptive staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 471.61 8.9 Fabulous · 187 reviews The Montenotte Hotel Hotel in Cork Central location With fantastic city views, The Montenotte Hotel is just one mile from Cork city centre. In a tranquil location, it offers spacious modern rooms, a pool and free parking. Beautiful cocktail bar, great food, excellent staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 322.22 8.9 Fabulous · 1,899 reviews Fernhill Lodge Carrigaline Hotel in Cork Central location Located in Cork, 12 km from Páirc Uí Chaoimh, Fernhill Lodge Carrigaline provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. Really lovely quiet area. Not too far from the city. 8.6 Fabulous · 23 reviews Clayton Hotel Silver Springs Hotel in Cork Central location Stylish, spacious rooms, landscaped gardens, and an à la carte restaurant are offered at this 4-star hotel. Less than 5 minutes’ drive from Cork’s centre. Very clean and family friendly , food was excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 205.05 7.5 Good · 2,351 reviews REZz Cork Hotel in Cork Central location Situated in Cork, within 400 metres of Cork Custom House and 700 metres of Cork City Hall, REZz Cork features accommodation with a bar and free WiFi throughout the property. Great location, friendly reception and bar staff, good price Avg. price/night: CAD 146.46 6.8 Pleasant · 3,464 reviews Ashley Hotel Hotel in Cork Central location This friendly centrally located hotel with excellent service has a prime city-centre location in the Victorian Quarter near shops theatres, galleries, vibrant bars and restaurants. Bustling St. Super friendly staff. Decently close to the center Avg. price/night: CAD 188.94 6.2 Pleasant · 1,088 reviews FAQs about hotels in Cork How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Cork? On average, 3-star hotels in Cork cost CAD 246 per night, and 4-star hotels in Cork are CAD 306 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Cork can on average be found for CAD 695 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Cork for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Cork this weekend is CAD 361 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 381. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Cork for this weekend cost on average around CAD 817 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Cork for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 186 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Cork for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 280 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Cork will cost around CAD 564 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Cork are good for families? Many families visiting Cork loved staying at The Kingsley Hotel, Hayfield Manor and Cork International Hotel. What are the best hotels in Cork near Fota Wildlife Park? Some of the best hotels in Cork near Fota Wildlife Park include Fota Island Hotel and Spa, Cosy 2 bed cottage next to Fota Wildlife Park and Inver. What are the best hotels to stay in Cork? The Kingsley Hotel, The Montenotte Hotel and The River Lee Hotel a member of The Doyle Collection are some of the popular hotels in Cork. What hotels in Cork offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Cork that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Montenotte Hotel, Hayfield Manor and Cork International Hotel. What hotels in Cork are good for couples? These hotels in Cork are highly rated by couples: Fernhill Lodge Carrigaline, Hayfield Manor and The Montenotte Hotel. What hotels in Cork have nice views? The Address Cork (formerly Ambassador Hotel & Health Club), Maryborough Hotel & Spa and Cork International Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Cork regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Irish Spirit In A Nutshell Situated on the banks of the River Lee, Cork’s city centre was originally built on marshes and many of its popular streets are constructed on the former river channels. With a thriving nightlife and a vibrant cultural scene, the Irish Republic’s second biggest city is full of surprises. Those interested in history should pay a visit to the Cork City Gaol, an old prison transformed into one of the city’s most fascinating attractions, or join the Cork Historic Walking Tours, which offer a great opportunity to learn all the city’s secrets. For those craving more lively entertainment, the city offers the famous Cork City Pub Crawl or even more exciting, the Barrack Street Challenge, where participants drink pints of beer in all bars along Barrack Street. The shopping area is concentrated around the most famous street - St. Patrick Street. For local food specialities like crubeens, tripe and drisheen, browse bars and restaurants around MacCurtain, Washington and Oliver Plunkett Streets. When flying to Cork Airport, you’re just a short taxi or bus ride from the lively city centre. Don’t worry about accommodation; Booking.com has plenty on offer, from convenient hotels, to cosy guest houses and bed & breakfasts. Learn more about visiting Cork 16 attractions 31 points of interest Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Cork: 8.0 A built up area with prices to match. A built up area with prices to match. I visited a friend during the stay and my time there was just wonderful. The layout of Cork city centre was just windy. The parking which we parked at near the hotel was just fine. And parking the second day was providentially coming. Parking is hard in the city though. Shandon bells was heard from my hotel. I still abstained from an alcoholic beverage , it allowed for that Derek Ireland 8.0 Cork had an vibrant atmosphere, there is lots to see around... Cork had an vibrant atmosphere, there is lots to see around the city. According to a local person the bus service is good but it is considered expensive. The people are friendly & helpful. Unfortunately I was only there 1 night for work but would like to enjoy the city for leisure as well. Photograber Ireland 8.0 We visited specially to go to Paradiso - we had a 6 course... We visited specially to go to Paradiso - we had a 6 course tasting menu and the food and service were impeccable. We enjoyed exploring the bars and cafes in the centre, which were all lively. We enjoyed The Crawford Gallery, University Craft Fair and The English Market. Some lovely department shops. A short cab ride from the airport, Cork made a good 2 day break in November. Helen United Kingdom 10 We were in Cork for the Jazz festival. We were in Cork for the Jazz festival. We had a fabulous time. The hotel was in a perfect location so it was easy to get walk around. There were many options for eating in the are with live music in many of the pubs. Arvinder United Kingdom 8.0 A city that embraces its history, bringing its heritage into... A city that embraces its history, bringing its heritage into the modern world with its architecture. Friendly people, plenty of options to keep any tourist entertained. The English Market is a must see! James Ireland 10 Cork is a fantastic city. Cork is a fantastic city. It’s wheelchair accessible and kid friendly, tons of options for food and shopping, tons of history and tons of scenery. The highlight was a trip to the English Market and to Luigi Malone’s on the Saturday. Our first family holiday in almost 10 years and our kids had a ball. Already making plans to return for a longer stay next time. Jen Shortt Ireland Explore guest reviews of hotels in Cork See all REZz Cork Hotel in Cork From CAD 117 per night 6.8 Review score 3,464 reviews Location was excellent with a few minutes walk to traditional music bars and the train and bus stations close as well. A few minutes walk from the city centre in a street packed with great bars and cafe's. No noise could be heard in the hotel in the evening. Try the Sin'e Bar for live music starting at 6.30pm to midnight every night. Next door is the Corner House with live music from 8.00pm. Both bars had up to 8 musicians playing at one time on a variety of instruments. Show more Show less Rudolf United Kingdom Clayton Hotel Cork City Hotel in Cork From CAD 218 per night 8.1 Very good 4,099 reviews Myself, husband and 2 children stayed at the Clayton for 2 nights to visit family. Staff were lovely and very accommodating and the hotel itself is a short walk to the city centre. Rooms are spotless and the beds are very comfortable. The pool was lovely and clean, there is a separate shallow pool which the children could go which is great if you wanted to do a few lengths. All in all, great hotel and will be staying here again. Show more Show less Loretta United Kingdom Shandon Bells Guest House Cork From CAD 125 per night 7.9 Good 3,290 reviews Beautiful, recently renovated room, on ground floor Breakfast room overlooks a tranquil river tributary Freshly made coffee to order for breakfast Bus from the city centre stops about a minute away Access to water font and fridge at any time in commons room Lovely quiet room, even though the B&B is right beside main road Lionella, very helpful and welcoming. Thanks to all the staff Show more Show less jennifer Ireland Gabriel House Guesthouse Cork From CAD 123 per night 8.7 Fabulous 3,751 reviews The choice of breakfast offered was excellent. The "full irish" was delicious and ranks with the best I have had in any hotel I've stayed in. My room(12) was extremely clean, comfortable and much more spacious than I expected. The property is located in a quiet area yet only a short stroll to Cork city centre. Show more Show less Bernard Ireland The Dean Cork Hotel in Cork From CAD 302 per night 8.6 Fabulous 3,296 reviews Hotel is new and very nicely decorated. Good facilities in the hotel even though we didn't have a chance to use them all. The restaurant upstairs - Sophie's does a great breakfast and has a nice view. Good location just outside city centre but its a quick 5 minute walk away. Show more Show less Sioned United Kingdom Rochestown Park Hotel Hotel in Cork From CAD 160 per night 7.5 Good 4,383 reviews The cleanliness of the hotel is A1. The location is good within a short walk of Douglas village and bus ride from there to Cork city centre. The adjoining Swimming Pool is great for relaxing. The restaurant is quite good, varied menu and tasty food at a reasonable cost Show more Show less Ger Ireland The River Lee Hotel a member of The Doyle Collection Hotel in Cork From CAD 282 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,922 reviews River Lee was our first stop in our two week journey in Ireland. we loved everything about the hotel. Helena from the front desk was super helpful and she ensured she did everything in her power to make us feel welcome. thank you Helena and everyone at River Lee. Show more Show less Zaheer United Arab Emirates Belvedere Lodge Cork From CAD 130 per night 8.1 Very good 2,521 reviews Very nice, quaint lodge with a lovely garden in the back. We had a room with a conservatory and it was nice and comfortable. We enjoyed the wonderful breakfasts and the staff were great. The lodge is across from a bus stop that takes you into Cork City Centre. Show more Show less Danielle Hong Kong Lancaster Lodge Cork From CAD 174 per night 8.2 Very good 2,324 reviews The hotel was close to the city centre we walked each day. Hotel was bright and modern, very clean and the quiet room was so relaxing. Breakfast was good, plenty to choose from and the staff were so friendly Show more Show less Denis United Kingdom Leonardo Hotel Cork - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Cork From CAD 178 per night 8.0 Very good 6,586 reviews Perfect location in the city centre, close to main shopping area. 10 minutes walk from the Railway station and within easy reach of most places of interest. Good buffet breakfast with plenty of choice. Show more Show less Clive United Kingdom Clayton Hotel Silver Springs Hotel in Cork From CAD 183 per night 7.5 Good 2,349 reviews It was booked for us as substitute via Booking.com as the original hotel we had booked had to close. Clayton Silver Springs but a bit far from city centre than we like. Overall a 'Good'. Show more Show less Raymond United Kingdom Ashley Hotel Hotel in Cork From CAD 161 per night 6.2 Review score 1,088 reviews The hotel was close to the city centre. We were staying for a concert in Musgrave park so the location was good. The hotel was reasonably priced compared to other hotels in Cork on that night. Show more Show less Marian Ireland Maldron Hotel Shandon Cork City Hotel in Cork From CAD 196 per night 7.6 Good 2,893 reviews Staff are so friendly hotel is beautiful so close to the City centre. I've been there for 4 stays in the last year. I'll be definitely going back again. Show more Show less Ciara Ireland Cork's Vienna Woods Hotel & Villas Hotel in Cork From CAD 168 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,112 reviews Beautiful location in woods outside the bustling city of Cork, nice hotel with plenty of style, comfortable room with a nice view. bathrooms were exceptional. Show more Show less Moshe Israel Sheilas Tourist Hostel Cork From CAD 40 per night 7.3 Good 3,797 reviews Located at the heart of the city centre and very convenient. Rooms and toilets are clean and well maintained. Show more Show less Tarun13 Ireland Maldron Hotel South Mall Cork City Hotel in Cork From CAD 204 per night 8.4 Very good 4,619 reviews went to cork for the first time. Beautiful city hotel amazing Show more Show less Al Ireland Imperial Hotel Cork City Hotel in Cork From CAD 234 per night 8.7 Fabulous 3,755 reviews Ideal location for Cork City centre Show more Show less David Ireland Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Musgrave Park Find the perfect hotel in Cork with Musgrave Park right on your doorstep. Hotels in County Cork Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Wild Atlantic Way Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Things to do in Cork How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels near Kent Railway Station Perfect for local transport links. B&Bs in Cork More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Cork Explore more great accommodation options in Cork, starting with budget hotels. Guest Houses in Cork More great accommodation options for your trip. Car hire in Cork Hire a car and hit the road. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Cork Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1866460,1871440,1846890,1870380|3,1847760|3,1847760,1833870,1870380,1870380|5