The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Whistler, Canada - Whistler hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Whistler Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Whistler hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada British Columbia Whistler Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Whistler – 30 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Pinnacle Hotel Whistler Hotel in Whistler Village, Whistler This Whistler Village hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and a hot tub. A spa bath and a gas fireplace (seasonal) provide added comfort in all rooms. Show more 8.1 Very good 2,378 reviews Price fromCAD 359.10per night Check availability The Crystal Lodge Hotel in Whistler Village, Whistler This Whistler property features 6 restaurants and lounges. A sauna and an outdoor hot tub offer guest relaxation. Free Wi-Fi is offered in all guest rooms. Show more 8.5 Very good 910 reviews Price fromCAD 436per night Check availability Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Hotel in Whistler Village, Whistler Located in Whistler Village, this all-suite hotel is 290 m from the Excalibur Gondola. A heated, outdoor, saltwater pool and 2 hot tubs feature mountain views. Show more 9.0 Superb 737 reviews Price fromCAD 719per night Check availability Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside Hotel in Whistler Village, Whistler Featuring an outdoor heated pool, steam room, and 2 outdoor hot tubs, this hotel is located in Whistler Village, only 150 m from Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola. A fully equipped fitness centre is on... Show more 8.8 Fabulous 662 reviews Price fromCAD 629per night Check availability Delta Hotels by Marriott Whistler Village Suites Hotel in Whistler Village, Whistler Boasting an outdoor swimming pool and 3 hot tubs, this Whistler hotel is just 8 minutes’ walk from the base of Whistler Mountain featuring trendy shops and restaurants. Show more 7.8 Good 366 reviews Price fromCAD 559per night Check availability Sundial Hotel Hotel in Whistler Village, Whistler Featuring a rooftop hot tub, these Whistler suites include a full kitchen and are just a 1 minute walk away from Whistler Blackcomb Gondola, situated right at the base of the Whistler Bike Park. Show more 9.0 Superb 660 reviews Price fromCAD 447.20per night Check availability Blackcomb Springs Suites by CLIQUE Hotel in Upper Village, Whistler Situated in Whistler, 8 km from Alpha Lake Park, Blackcomb Springs Suites by CLIQUE features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and ski-to-door access. Show more 8.2 Very good 2,578 reviews Price fromCAD 370.76per night Check availability Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel Whistler Hotel in Whistler Village, Whistler Located 10 minutes’ walk from Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola, this Whistler hotel features suites furnished with kitchenettes. An outdoor pool and a hot tub are available on site. Free WiFi is included. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 2,280 reviews Price fromCAD 699per night Check availability The Listel Hotel Whistler Hotel in Whistler Village, Whistler Featuring a shared indoor hot tub, this Whistler hotel is 2 minutes' walk to shopping and dining in the Village. Free WiFi is included. Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola is 7 minutes' walk away. Show more 8.1 Very good 2,029 reviews Price fromCAD 407.20per night Check availability Aava Whistler Hotel Hotel in Whistler Village, Whistler Featuring an outdoor pool and hot tub with view of the mountains, this hotel is just 2 minutes' walk from the heart of Whistler Village. Free WiFi is provided in all areas. Show more 8.0 Very good 1,839 reviews Price fromCAD 329per night Check availability See all 153 hotels in Whistler Cheapest time to stay in Whistler In October you can stay in Whistler for an average price of CA$149 per night CA$713CA$570CA$428CA$285CA$143CA$0 CA$510 Jan CA$551 Feb CA$381 Mar CA$220 Apr CA$170 May CA$202 Jun CA$253 Jul CA$236 Aug CA$205 Sep CA$149 Oct CA$150 Nov CA$458 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Whistler in the past month See all Aava Whistler Hotel Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 8.0 Very good · 1,839 reviews Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel Whistler Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 8.8 Fabulous · 2,280 reviews Blackcomb Springs Suites by CLIQUE Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 8.2 Very good · 2,578 reviews The Listel Hotel Whistler Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 8.1 Very good · 2,029 reviews Adara Hotel Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 8.0 Very good · 1,492 reviews Executive Inn Whistler Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 7.7 Good · 623 reviews Pinnacle Hotel Whistler Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 8.1 Very good · 2,378 reviews Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 9.0 Superb · 737 reviews Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 8.8 Fabulous · 663 reviews The Crystal Lodge Hotel in Whistler Popular with guests booking hotels in Whistler 8.5 Very good · 910 reviews Whistler's best hotels with breakfast See all Woodrun #418 Hotel in Whistler Breakfast options Well set in the Upper Village district of Whistler, Woodrun #418 is situated 7 km from Alpha Lake Park, 1.2 km from Whistler Medals Plaza and 1.3 km from Whistler Village. 8.7 Fabulous · 12 reviews Bright Suite at Ski In/Out Glacier Lodge! Hotel in Whistler Breakfast options Located in Whistler, 4.2 km from Nicklaus North Golf Course, Bright Suite at Ski In/Out Glacier Lodge! Clean comfortable suite with great access to the slopes and village. Beautifully decorated with everything you need. 8.4 Very good · 15 reviews Hilton Grand Vacations Club Whistler Hotel in Whistler Breakfast options Featuring free WiFi, a barbecue, Embarc Whistler offers accommodation in Whistler, walking distance from the base of Whistler and Blackcomb mountains. Free private parking is available on site. Bien situado. Camas cómodas y él personal muy amable. 8.2 Very good · 92 reviews Glacier's Reach 115 Hotel in Whistler Breakfast options Glacier's Reach 115 is located in Whistler, within 5.2 km of Alpha Lake Park and 2.9 km of Whistler Sliding Centre. 7.0 Good · 2 reviews Greystone Lodge Hotel in Whistler Breakfast options Ideally set in the Aspens On Blackcomb district of Whistler, Greystone Lodge is set 7 km from Alpha Lake Park, 1 km from Whistler Medals Plaza and 1.2 km from Whistler Village. 7.3 Good · 3 reviews Budget hotels in Whistler See all Sundial Hotel Hotel in Whistler Budget Hotel Featuring a rooftop hot tub, these Whistler suites include a full kitchen and are just a 1 minute walk away from Whistler Blackcomb Gondola, situated right at the base of the Whistler Bike Park. fantastic views, great facilities and extremely clean Avg. price/night: CAD 518.75 9.0 Superb · 660 reviews Market Place Lodge 249 Hotel in Whistler Budget Hotel Market Place Lodge 249 features free WiFi throughout the property and views of mountain in Whistler. ชอบทุกอย่างในที่นี้ ใกล้ สะดวกต่อ การเดินทางไปในสถานที่ต่างๆ 9.2 Superb · 12 reviews Pinnacle Hotel Whistler Hotel in Whistler Budget Hotel This Whistler Village hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and a hot tub. A spa bath and a gas fireplace (seasonal) provide added comfort in all rooms. Very clean, beaultiful and near of the core of the city. Avg. price/night: CAD 416.56 8.1 Very good · 2,378 reviews The Listel Hotel Whistler Hotel in Whistler Budget Hotel Featuring a shared indoor hot tub, this Whistler hotel is 2 minutes' walk to shopping and dining in the Village. Free WiFi is included. Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola is 7 minutes' walk away. Handy to everything, comfortable and quiet location. Avg. price/night: CAD 472.35 8.1 Very good · 2,029 reviews Tantalus Resort Lodge Hotel in Whistler Budget Hotel Featuring an outdoor pool and 2 hot tubs, this Whistler Village lodge is only 500 m away from Whistler Village Gondola and apres skiing. A balcony and a full kitchen are provided in all rooms. Lovely place, rooms very spacious and comfortable. Avg. price/night: CAD 509.24 8.3 Very good · 762 reviews Mountainside Lodge Hotel in Whistler Budget Hotel This Whistler Village hotel is 550 metres from the Whistler and Blackcomb Mountain ski lifts. Each suite features a fully equipped kitchen and gas fireplace. Beautiful place and people. I enjoy everything. Thanks 8.6 Fabulous · 664 reviews Lost Lake Lodge Hotel in Whistler Budget Hotel Set in Whistler, 5 km from Nicklaus North Golf Course, Lost Lake Lodge offers concierge services and free WiFi throughout the property. One of the apartments was awesome. The other one older and with worse furnitures, etc… 8.0 Very good · 22 reviews Greystone Lodge 314&315 Hotel in Whistler Budget Hotel Attractively situated in the Aspens On Blackcomb district of Whistler, Greystone Lodge 314&315 is situated 4.9 km from Nicklaus North Golf Course, 6.9 km from Alpha Lake Park and 1.1 km from Whistler... 8.3 Very good · 6 reviews FAQs about hotels in Whistler How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Whistler? On average, 3-star hotels in Whistler cost CAD 116 per night, and 4-star hotels in Whistler are CAD 193 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Whistler can on average be found for CAD 373 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Whistler for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Whistler this weekend is CAD 430 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 912. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Whistler for this weekend cost on average around CAD 1,694 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Whistler for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 216 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Whistler for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 279 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Whistler will cost around CAD 540 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Whistler are good for families? Many families visiting Whistler loved staying at Bright Suite at Ski In/Out Glacier Lodge!, Market Place Lodge 249 and Lodging Ovations. What are the best hotels in Whistler near Whistler Mountain Bike Park? Some of the best hotels in Whistler near Whistler Mountain Bike Park include Sundial Hotel, Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre and Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel Whistler. What are the best hotels to stay in Whistler? Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre, Sundial Hotel and Market Place Lodge 249 are some of the popular hotels in Whistler. What hotels in Whistler are good for couples? These hotels in Whistler are highly rated by couples: Market Place Lodge 249, Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre and Sundial Hotel. What hotels in Whistler have nice views? Lodging Ovations, Pan Pacific Whistler Mountainside and Sundial Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Whistler regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Learn more about visiting Whistler 3 attractions 15 points of interest 4 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Whistler: 10 Whistler is wonderful all year round, whether you're a local... Whistler is wonderful all year round, whether you're a local or from far away, it is full of adventures, scenes, activities and beauty. I love wandering the Village, exploring Creekside, coffee at Mogul's, people watching from literally anywhere. We had lunch at Hunt & Gather which was great with many options for veg/vegans. It was the end of the low (first weekend of November) season so it was really quiet, but for us that was a plus. Oh and we got sweet treats at Pure Breads which were delicious. Expensive but delicious. Kimberley Canada 8.0 I skiied WHistler/Blackcomb some years ago. I skiied WHistler/Blackcomb some years ago. If you want an Aspen-like experience this is the place to ski and be seen. It is generally expensive.Now, I prefer Sun Peaks or Big White. Chacun à son gout. Whistler off season is terrific. Plenty of hiking options and the Audain Museum is not to be missed. Spectacular architecture and Canadian art collection beautifully curated and displayed. Our stay at the Summit hotel was most excellent and surprisingly affordable. There is no category for art in the choices, but the Audain Museum is tops. Karen Canada 10 Whistler is a beautiful destination, it's walkable for all... Whistler is a beautiful destination, it's walkable for all ages, there are so many different paths and trails. Everything was very clean and the landscaping all around the village as well as surrounding areas was very well looked after. The road to Whistler has also been greatly improved which makes for a beautiful scenic drive. Margarete Canada 10 Whistler is beautiful lots of shopping & Restaurant’s Whistler is beautiful lots of shopping & Restaurant’s to choice from. Loved all the shops. We had a nice dinner at the Keg. Very easy walking even to the peak to peak Gondola. Loved all of the patio restaurants where we could people watch. Also just 5-10 outside Whistler is VALLIA Lumina absolutely stunning. Michelle Canada 8.0 I liked the scenery and being in the mountains however... I liked the scenery and being in the mountains however Whistler is very expensive and beginning to show its age. It’s showing wear and tear within the village and stroll. Prices have been jacked up so much that I know a lot of people who used to visit Whistler many times have cut back visits to one. Brian Canada 8.0 The town itself was commercialized and tends to be a bit... The town itself was commercialized and tends to be a bit pricey. Pure bread cafe was a winner and Peaked pies definitely worth a visit.We preferred the North village as more interesting rather than touristy. Helen United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Whistler See all Pan Pacific Whistler Village Centre Whistler From CAD 834.04 per night 9.0 Superb · 737 reviews In English: The hotel is located in the center of the village, and I could easily get to desired my destination. very The rooms are clean, and I want to thank the guys who clean them. The service was excellent and unobtrusive. They took care of everyone in the family. The children's bathrobes for the pool were a nice bonus. The heated pool and beautiful sauna were a great way to end the day. The reception was very helpful and responsive. Marina Canada Pangea Pod Hotel Whistler From CAD 287.45 per night 8.1 Very good · 643 reviews Pangea is a fantastic option to make Whistler accessible for all: on a budget, traveling alone, etc. I was impressed that it was actually quieter than most hotels I’ve stayed in! The great pod sound proofing and respectful quiet policy made it peaceful all day & night. I never had to wait for a shower and private washrooms we’re always clean. Also, the eggs Benedict breakfast was delicious! Brenda Lee Canada Adara Hotel Whistler 8.0 Very good · 1,492 reviews This hotel was right in the village centre of Whistler, so couldn’t be better location. So handy for shops, restaurants and bars. Good central location for a walking holiday at this time of year. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very comfortable and clean and it was good to have bathrobes in the room. The room had a nice boutique feel. Rachel United Kingdom Pinnacle Hotel Whistler Whistler From CAD 416.56 per night 8.1 Very good · 2,378 reviews Amazing experience with Pinnacle hotel in Whistler! Our room was very cozy and convenient, had everything we could ask for and even more - kitchen, fireplace, hot tub. very good location - far enough to be quiet at night and close enough to walk to gondolas with toddlers. Staff is very helpful and friendly! Outdoor pool and hot tub + 32 degrees = one love! Alina United States Fairmont Chateau Whistler Whistler From CAD 1,298.04 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 787 reviews Our room was lovely, with the best shower of our whole month-long trip. The location is unbeatable, especially I'd imagine in ski season. We were visiting in September, but nonetheless, it was within short walking distance of the village. The hotel itself feels very new and contemporary. I would highly recommend a facial at the spa - it was terrific. Amy Steadman-Garratt United Kingdom Blackcomb Lodge Whistler From CAD 408.35 per night 7.0 Good · 533 reviews The hotel was clean , room spacious and plenty of toiletries. Receptionist wasn’t very welcoming, but other staff were very pleasant It is situated right in the heart of whistler. Cannot comment on the facilities as we arrived early evening and checked out in the early hours to catch a ferry Would stay here again maxine United Kingdom Pinnacle Hotel Whistler Whistler From CAD 416.56 per night 8.1 Very good · 2,378 reviews Hotel is located very close to Whistler village. A 3 minute walk will get you to the start of the village. The room was clean, quiet and comfortable. The hotel did show some signs of age but the appliances were in great working order, clean and the fridge was roomy. Dave Canada Whistler Peak Lodge Whistler 7.8 Good · 3,181 reviews The convenient location of the hotel as it was situated in Whistler village. The room we booked was much nicer than in pictures and very spacious and clean! We loved our beds, they were very comfortable and the studio was really clean. Jasmine United Kingdom The Listel Hotel Whistler Whistler From CAD 472.35 per night 8.1 Very good · 2,029 reviews Location is great! Super central in the village. Way nicer than I expected the hotel to be and way bigger! Clean rooms, quiet hotel, great price for Whistler accommodation especially given the location. Would recommend! Mia Canada Village Gate House by Whiski Jack Whistler 8.0 Very good · 101 reviews The location was excellent, right at the entrance to Whistler Village, and across from an excellent grocery store. Restaurants, trails and galleries are steps away. We couldn’t have been happier with this location!! Heather Canada Blackcomb Springs Suites by CLIQUE Whistler From CAD 464.49 per night 8.2 Very good · 2,578 reviews A great hotel, rooms are very spacious and comfortable, staff were very friendly and helpful. There is a free shuttle which runs from outside and takes you to whistler village which is extremely helpful Aoife Ireland Blackcomb Springs Suites by CLIQUE Whistler From CAD 464.49 per night 8.2 Very good · 2,578 reviews No food provided. We had to go into Whistler Village for supplies/restaurants. We did know this in advance but probably hadn't considered how busy the village would be on arrival day (Canada Day) Linda United Kingdom Hilton Whistler Resort & Spa Whistler From CAD 457.04 per night 7.9 Good · 707 reviews Great location and awesome hotel! I would say the best bang for your buck hotel in Whistler! Awesome facilities and close to everything! The rooms were well maintained and clean. BCHeeps Canada Cascade Lodge Whistler 8.1 Very good · 2,999 reviews Great location - easy to get in and out with vehicle and easy walk across the street to village stroll. Best pool and hot tubs in Whistler. Overall best value hotel in town. A Anonymous Canada Four Seasons Resort Whistler Whistler From CAD 1,790.81 per night 9.2 Superb · 398 reviews Beautiful resort in Whistler, tonnes of activities within the hotel to do throughout the day. Loved the pool area and sauna. Highly recommend for a weekend getaway! Sinead Canada Horstman House by Whistler Premier Whistler 8.6 Fabulous · 701 reviews Quite place. Short walk to Lost Lake. Bus station near this hotel. Free transit to all other attractions in Whistler Village . COSMINA Canada creekside Innsbrook Whistler From CAD 500.18 per night 9.7 Exceptional · 6 reviews Very comfortable and close to Whistler Village. It’s super cozy and has everything you need to have a great time there! de Aguiar Schnaider Canada Adara Hotel Whistler 8.0 Very good · 1,492 reviews Staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is centrally located in the Village. Daniela Canada The Aspens Whistler 7.9 Good · 252 reviews Quiet location close to Whistler village Well appointed hotel Francis Ireland Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel Whistler Whistler From CAD 810.84 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 2,280 reviews Whistler was amazing. Hotel good location Vicki United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Cabins in Whistler Explore more great accommodation options in Whistler, starting with cabins. Apartments in Whistler More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels with Pools in Whistler More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Canada Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Toronto Discover another destination in Canada. Hotels in Niagara Falls Discover another destination in Canada. Hotels in British Columbia Look beyond Whistler and set off to discover more of British Columbia. Hotels in Whistler Blackcomb Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Vancouver Find more hotels in a city close to Vancouver. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Whistler Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1871440,1866460,1870380|3,1870380|7,1847760|3,1846890,1870380,1847760