The 10 best hotels in Bristol, City of Bristol - Cheap Bristol hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Bristol Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Bristol hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom City of Bristol Bristol Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Bristol – 167 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Number 38 Clifton Hotel in Clifton, Bristol A contemporary boutique guest house set in a Georgian townhouse, Number 38 Clifton offers stylish rooms with views of the Clifton Downs or Bristol city centre. Show more 9.3 Superb 1,255 reviews Price fromCAD 353.47per night Check availability Mollie's Motel & Diner Bristol Hotel in Bristol Set in Bristol, 7.1 km from Bristol Zoo Gardens, Mollie's Motel & Diner Bristol offers accommodation with a terrace, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Show more 9.0 Superb 3,618 reviews Price fromCAD 181.69per night Check availability The Royal Inn by Chef & Brewer Collection Hotel in Bristol Set in Bristol, 2.5 km from Sugar Loaf Beach, The Royal Inn by Chef & Brewer Collection offers accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers free WiFi. Show more 9.4 Superb 202 reviews Price fromCAD 204.91per night Check availability Hort's Townhouse Hotel in Bristol Old City, Bristol Hort's Townhouse is conveniently set in Bristol, and features a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. Show more 9.0 Superb 417 reviews Price fromCAD 254.43per night Check availability Future Inn Bristol Hotel in Old Market, Bristol This Future Inn is next to Cabot Circus shopping centre, 10 minutes’ walk from Bristol’s Temple Meads Station. Show more 8.2 Very good 10,248 reviews Price fromCAD 129.45per night Check availability The Bristol Hotel Hotel in Bristol Old City, Bristol On the quayside of the Floating Harbour, The Bristol Hotel is 10 minutes' walk from Brunel's SS Great Britain. It has stylish rooms, free internet and a riverside restaurant. Show more 8.3 Very good 4,179 reviews Price fromCAD 195.95per night Check availability Bristol Marriott Royal Hotel Hotel in Bristol This Victorian-style hotel has a fabulous location next to Bristol Cathedral and the historic waterfront. It features an on-site gym and a choice of restaurants. Show more 8.5 Very good 6,347 reviews Price fromCAD 232.23per night Check availability Hilton Garden Inn Bristol City Centre Hotel in Temple, Bristol In the heart of Bristol city centre, Hilton Garden Inn Bristol City Centre is just 2 minutes’ walk from Bristol Temple Meads Rail Station. Show more 8.1 Very good 3,441 reviews Price fromCAD 142.24per night Check availability Lodge at Bristol Hotel in Bristol Located close to the M4, M5 and Cribbs Causeway, Lodge at Bristol features 36 contemporary double bedrooms with high-spec en-suite facilities. Show more 8.2 Very good 1,043 reviews Price fromCAD 145.15per night Check availability Avon Gorge by Hotel du Vin Hotel in Clifton, Bristol Set above Avon Gorge, this hotel overlooks Brunel's famous suspension bridge. It has a large terrace for al fresco dining with excellent views. Show more 8.0 Very good 2,768 reviews Price fromCAD 162.22per night Check availability See all 175 hotels in Bristol Most booked hotels in Bristol in the past month See all Clayton Hotel Bristol City Hotel in Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 8.7 Fabulous · 8,965 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel, Bristol Hotel in Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 7.6 Good · 5,311 reviews ibis Bristol Centre Hotel in Harbourside, Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 7.8 Good · 5,340 reviews Bristol Marriott Royal Hotel Hotel in Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 8.5 Very good · 6,342 reviews Leonardo Hotel Bristol City Hotel in Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 8.8 Fabulous · 8,082 reviews Future Inn Bristol Hotel in Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 8.2 Very good · 10,251 reviews Moxy Bristol Hotel in Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 8.6 Fabulous · 3,638 reviews Mercure Bristol Grand Hotel Hotel in Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 7.1 Good · 5,619 reviews Delta Hotels by Marriott Bristol City Centre Hotel in Broadmead, Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 7.7 Good · 5,589 reviews Arnos Manor Hotel Hotel in Bristol Popular with guests booking hotels in Bristol 7.5 Good · 4,396 reviews Bristol's best hotels with breakfast See all Bristol Marriott Royal Hotel Hotel in Bristol Breakfast options This Victorian-style hotel has a fabulous location next to Bristol Cathedral and the historic waterfront. It features an on-site gym and a choice of restaurants. was absolutely brilliant lovely hotel couldn't fault it Avg. price/night: CAD 232.23 8.5 Very good · 6,342 reviews Aztec Hotel and Spa Hotel in Bristol Breakfast options As part of the AA Hotel group of the year and with an award-winning restaurant and luxury spa, this 4-star hotel offers stylish rooms with free WiFi. Restaurant was 11 out of 10. Excellent food and service. Avg. price/night: CAD 187.84 8.0 Very good · 1,401 reviews The Bristol Hotel Hotel in Bristol Breakfast options On the quayside of the Floating Harbour, The Bristol Hotel is 10 minutes' walk from Brunel's SS Great Britain. It has stylish rooms, free internet and a riverside restaurant. Friendly, not too big and staff were knowledgeable. Avg. price/night: CAD 195.95 8.3 Very good · 4,183 reviews Holiday Inn Bristol City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Bristol Breakfast options Situated in Bristol’s vibrant city centre, this Holiday Inn offers ultra-modern rooms and a stylish restaurant and bar. there was nothing not to like and parking on site too Avg. price/night: CAD 145.08 7.7 Good · 1,376 reviews The Berkeley Square Hotel Bristol Hotel in Bristol Breakfast options Located in Clifton in the heart of Bristol, this unique arts hotel features a terrace, stylish bar and a restaurant. Probably my favourite hotel I've ever stayed in. Avg. price/night: CAD 130.63 7.6 Good · 2,178 reviews Mercure Bristol Grand Hotel Hotel in Bristol Breakfast options The four-star Mercure Bristol Grand in Bristol is set in a historic grade II listed building in the heart of Bristol city centre. We love the location. The style and lovely staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 145.15 7.1 Good · 5,619 reviews Holiday Inn Express Bristol City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Temple, Bristol Breakfast options Located directly opposite Temple Meads Railway Station, the Holiday Inn Express Bristol City Centre is 30 minutes' drive from Bristol International Airport. Location, value for money, good choice at breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 151.96 7.9 Good · 3,377 reviews Holiday Inn Express Bristol Filton, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Bristol Breakfast options Holiday Inn Express Bristol Filton offers a warm welcome, rooms with modern facilities and free Wi-Fi, just 5 miles from Bristol. Staff were very friendly and accommodating to our needs Avg. price/night: CAD 102.44 7.8 Good · 4,164 reviews Budget hotels in Bristol See all Lodge at Bristol Hotel in Bristol Budget Hotel Located close to the M4, M5 and Cribbs Causeway, Lodge at Bristol features 36 contemporary double bedrooms with high-spec en-suite facilities. It was spotless. Staff friendly. Breakfast was lush Avg. price/night: CAD 145.15 8.2 Very good · 1,043 reviews CoalShed Hotel in Bristol Budget Hotel Located in Bristol and with Bristol Temple Meads Station reachable within 2.3 km, CoalShed provides express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi throughout the... Small but very well planned out rooms. Very well equipped. 8.4 Very good · 186 reviews Best Western Henbury Lodge Hotel Hotel in Bristol Budget Hotel This stylish country house hotel in Bristol offers spacious rooms, an award-winning restaurant, free WiFi and large gardens. Henbury Lodge Hotel is 1 mile from the M5 (junction 17). Great location. Helpful staff. Excellent breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 204.91 8.1 Very good · 396 reviews Village Hotel Bristol Filton Hotel in Bristol Budget Hotel Situated in Bristol, 7 km from Cabot Circus, Village Hotel Bristol Filton features accommodation with a terrace, private parking and a shared lounge. Very modern comfortable room. Bar and grill excellent. Avg. price/night: CAD 151.98 7.5 Good · 2,113 reviews Channings Hotel by Greene King Inns Hotel in Clifton, Bristol Budget Hotel Channings Hotel is set Bristol's Clifton district and within half a mile of Clifton Down and the famous suspension bridge. This traditional hotel features a large beer garden and a bar. My sister and I enjoyed the bed and dinner and breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 107.58 6.9 Pleasant · 1,040 reviews The Washington Hotel in Clifton, Bristol Budget Hotel The Washington is a Grade 2 Listed building, less than a mile from Bristol city centre and is a 3-minute walk from Clifton Suspension Bridge, Bristol Museum and Art Gallery. Good location, lovely staff <3, confortable room. Avg. price/night: CAD 100.75 6.8 Pleasant · 2,662 reviews Victoria Square Hotel Clifton Village Hotel in Clifton, Bristol Budget Hotel Victoria Square Hotel Clifton Village is set on a leafy Georgian square in fashionable Clifton Village. It is located 1 mile from Bristol's centre. Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the property. Great location comfortable beds and friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 105.87 7.9 Good · 3,874 reviews The Rodney Hotel Hotel in Clifton, Bristol Budget Hotel Centrally-located in the historic village of Clifton, in Bristol, this small hotel is a few minutes walk away from the Clifton Suspension Bridge, Bristol Museum and Art Gallery, the University of... Very friendly staff, nice location, restaurants nearby Avg. price/night: CAD 112.19 7.5 Good · 1,817 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Bristol See all The Royal Inn by Chef & Brewer Collection Hotel in Bristol Central location Set in Bristol, 2.5 km from Sugar Loaf Beach, The Royal Inn by Chef & Brewer Collection offers accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers free WiFi. Beautiful place to stay and staff were very friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 204.91 9.4 Superb · 202 reviews Artist Residence Bristol Hotel in Bristol Central location Boasting a restaurant and a bar, Artist Residence Bristol is situated in Bristol, 400 metres from Cabot Circus and 1.7 km from Bristol Temple Meads Station. Excellent kitchen!!! ;-) And very courteous staff! Avg. price/night: CAD 300.54 8.9 Fabulous · 189 reviews Berwick Lodge Hotel in Bristol Central location Set in 18 acres of woodland and landscaped garden, The Berwick Lodge Luxury boasts luxury accommodation, 20 minutes’ drive from Bristol city centre. Everything, the location, the property, the staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 209.27 8.8 Fabulous · 380 reviews The Queens Chew Magna Hotel in Bristol Central location The Queens Chew Magna features a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Bristol. Located around 13 km from Bristol Cathedral, the hotel with free WiFi is also 13 km away from Bristol Zoo Gardens. perfect setting. very relaxed. good food and staff Avg. price/night: CAD 221.99 8.7 Fabulous · 96 reviews Fox & Goose, Barrow Gurney by Marston's Inns Hotel in Bristol Central location Located in Bristol, Fox & Goose, Barrow Gurney by Marston's Inns has a garden and is located just a 10-minute drive from Bristol Airport. Perfect for an airport stay. Fantastic family room. 8.3 Very good · 1,283 reviews The Players Golf Club Hotel in Bristol Central location Set in Bristol, 20 km from Royal Crescent, The Players Golf Club offers accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking, a terrace and a bar. excellent location, very close the M4 and very clean Avg. price/night: CAD 153.68 8.0 Very good · 532 reviews Harbour Hotel Bristol Hotel in Bristol Central location Located in Bristol, just 600 metres from Bristol Cathedral, Bristol Harbour Hotel features an award-winning restaurant, bar and free WiFi. Very comfortable bed. Lovely room and great bathroom. Avg. price/night: CAD 179.30 7.9 Good · 1,430 reviews Novotel Bristol Centre Hotel in Temple, Bristol Central location In Bristol city centre, this hotel has free Wi-Fi, a modern health club, sports bar and on-site parking. Novotel Bristol Centre is a 5-minute walk from Temple Meads Railway Station. Clean Very helpful staff Separate shower & bath Avg. price/night: CAD 142.24 7.9 Good · 2,445 reviews FAQs about hotels in Bristol How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Bristol? On average, 3-star hotels in Bristol cost CAD 173 per night, and 4-star hotels in Bristol are CAD 234 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Bristol can on average be found for CAD 198 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Bristol for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Bristol this weekend is CAD 246 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 364. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Bristol for this weekend cost on average around CAD 184 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Bristol for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 288 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Bristol for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 363 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Bristol will cost around CAD 171 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Bristol are good for families? Many families visiting Bristol loved staying at Number 38 Clifton, The Royal Inn by Chef & Brewer Collection and Mollie's Motel & Diner Bristol. What are the best hotels in Bristol near Bristol Hippodrome? Some of the best hotels in Bristol near Bristol Hippodrome include Hort's Townhouse, Georgian Townhouse and 3 Berkeley Square Guesthouse. What are the best hotels in Bristol near Bristol Airport? Travellers who stayed in Bristol near Bristol Airport (BRS) have said good things about Hampton By Hilton Bristol Airport, Redhill House and Fox & Goose, Barrow Gurney by Marston's Inns. What are the best hotels to stay in Bristol? Number 38 Clifton, Mollie's Motel & Diner Bristol and The Royal Inn by Chef & Brewer Collection are some of the popular hotels in Bristol. What hotels in Bristol offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Bristol that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Berwick Lodge, Number 38 Clifton and Fox & Goose, Barrow Gurney by Marston's Inns. What hotels in Bristol are good for couples? These hotels in Bristol are highly rated by couples: The Royal Inn by Chef & Brewer Collection, Number 38 Clifton and Hort's Townhouse. What hotels in Bristol have nice views? Number 38 Clifton, Berwick Lodge and The Players Golf Club have received great reviews from travellers in Bristol regarding the views from their hotel rooms. From Brunel to Banksy! Britain’s 4th most popular visitor destination, Bristol boasts Brunel’s magnificent Clifton Suspension Bridge spanning the River Avon. More Brunel handiwork is in the harbour where his SS Great Britain steamship is moored. Pirate walks here detail the city’s underground naval history. Further north in Clifton is the world’s oldest zoo outside a capital city. Other Bristol attractions include At-Bristol Museum and the Grade I-listed Corn Exchange with its 4 "nails" outside where money changed hands. Also worth a visit is St Nicholas Market, in a Georgian square home to several bars and a Slow Food Market on the 1st Sunday of every month. Other Bristol shopping options include shopping centres at Cabot Circus, and Cribbs Causeway on the outskirts. As a student city, Bristol really comes to life after dark. The live music scene here is fantastic and has given way to several internationally known bands, but for something more alternative head to Eastside. Another option for alternative-seekers is the work of hometown street artists Banksy. Just like Booking.com’s Bristol accommodation, his work is spread throughout this fabulous city. This Gateway to the West Country is served by Bristol Airport and Temple Meads train station. The old Bristol to Bath railway line is now a cycle route and makes a great day trip. Learn more about visiting Bristol 75 attractions 29 points of interest 8 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Bristol City trip 14,820 reviews Boating 354 reviews Sightseeing 4,371 reviews Romantic 3,985 reviews Shopping 5,048 reviews Theme Parks 217 reviews What guests said about Bristol: 10 Lively and mostly beautiful city. Some wonderful murals. Lively and mostly beautiful city. Some wonderful murals. We found an excellent Cuban restaurant about 20 yards from the excellent music venue we were visiting (Crofters Rights). Would have loved to stay longer but we had to move on. Giovanni 10 I'm an ex-long term resident of Bristol so am slightly... I'm an ex-long term resident of Bristol so am slightly biased but for me Bristol is the best city in the UK (outside of London, which is almost like another country due to its size). Loads going on always, great for food, music, history, sightseeing and general vibe. I'm hoping to live there again in the future, that's how highly I rate it. David United Kingdom 10 A great city to visit for a weekend or a few days. A great city to visit for a weekend or a few days. Lots to see and do, also you can walk everywhere it's very compact. A great place to visit if you like your food as many different restaurant and cafes. Also a very good night scene with lots of pubs, clubs and bars. Not forgetting during the days there are lots of cultural things to do if you have time! There are a few shops too! SiNew United Kingdom 10 We enjoyed walking around Bristol looking at the old... We enjoyed walking around Bristol looking at the old buildings. We did some walking apps around the old city and by the harbour and walked up to the Clifton suspension bridge. Walking by the waterside looking at the boats was enjoyable and doable in a relaxing few hours. Good range of eating options available. 8.0 The location was excellent, right in the middle of all... The location was excellent, right in the middle of all attractions, walking distance to everything. The room was not so clean and it smelt bad due to the windows not opening fully. Food was fantastic but the waiting time was unnecessarily long. Grzegorz Ireland 10 Bristol is a large city but was easy to get round although... Bristol is a large city but was easy to get round although the roads could be confusing with lots of different lanes. The shopping centres were brilliant with lots of different shops. We visited The Mall at Cribbs Causeway which was really good with free parking and also visited Bristol Shopping Quarter at Cabot Circus which was even bigger. They were setting up the Christmas market which would have been nice to visit. Our favourite shop was Gromit Unleashed at The Mall where took photos as well as purchasing various items. We enjoyed the views while walking along the river as well as from the car whilst driving to different places. It was easy to find places to eat or shops to get food from too. Explore guest reviews of hotels in Bristol See all The Clifton Hotel Bristol Hotel in Clifton, Bristol From CAD 78 per night 7.1 Good 2,654 reviews Breakfast was excellent as on my previous visit. I was ill during my stay with a virus and had difficulty getting any sleep which is the reason I have been slow to respond to this request to rate the Clifton Hotel. Consequently, not able to comment fairly on whether the bed was comfortable,although I suspect it was very much OK Had a problem with booking in which was satisfactorily resolved and thought all staff helpful. Clifton location is excellent for visitors to Bristol. Show more Show less Richard United Kingdom Victoria Square Hotel Clifton Village Hotel in Clifton, Bristol From CAD 90 per night 7.9 Good 3,874 reviews The hotel is located in a great area and I was able to get a car parking space at the hotel which was a bonus as I know how much parking costs in Bristol, especially at the City centre hotels. It was free to park although I think that may have been because it was a Sunday. Breakfast was okay. Good value for money on a Sunday tariff but I would have been very disappointed with my stay had I stayed on a Friday or Saturday and paid almost twice as much. The bed was comfortable. Show more Show less Charlotte United Kingdom Mercure Bristol North The Grange Hotel Hotel in Bristol From CAD 123 per night 7.1 Good 1,506 reviews The hotel was conveniently situated not too far from Bristol city centre. It was great that the hotel accommodated our dog and the grounds were easy to access straight from our french windows. Breakfast was very punctual and tasty and the evening meal was also very nice although a little expensive. The room was clean and the bed very comfortable but we could have done with some more tea and coffee sachets however these were available when we asked for them. Show more Show less Paul United Kingdom Beech House Clifton, Bristol From CAD 219 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,101 reviews Lovely well appointed apartment in a good location, 15 mins walk into the centre of Bristol. Love the l'occitaine bathroom products, nice touch! Comfy bed and well equipped kitchen. Shame we only stayed for one night. Would definitely book again if we are staying in Bristol. We arrived a couple of hours early and were given complimentary early check in (usually £20 but the fee was waived). Thanks for that, much appreciated. Show more Show less Nicholas United Kingdom ibis Bristol Temple Meads Hotel in Bristol From CAD 87 per night 7.8 Good 3,930 reviews I can't imagine a better combination of a location and the price of the hotel. The place is just a few minutes from Bristol Temple Meads train station and within a walking distance of the city centre. There's a kettle with tea and coffee, a TV and a comfortable bed. If I ever come back to Bristol, I know where to stay. Show more Show less Žaneta L. Czech Republic Clayton Hotel Bristol City Hotel in Bristol From CAD 155 per night 8.7 Fabulous 8,965 reviews Fabulous hotel in perfect location for Bristol city centre. It was modern, well designed, very clean, quiet and comfortable. The bathroom was fabulous and big. Breakfast was good and check in and out is all done on line so very convenient. We managed to park in at the hotel next door. Show more Show less Geraldine United Kingdom Future Inn Bristol Hotel in Bristol From CAD 129 per night 8.2 Very good 10,251 reviews Check in early was quick and easy. Location was great and free parking city centre was a bonus. Bar staff we excellent, one of the best steaks I've even had! Room clean and comfy. Breakfast was nice and better than some hotels. Overall, a very nice family night away. Show more Show less Paul United Kingdom Arnos Manor Hotel Hotel in Bristol From CAD 95 per night 7.5 Good 4,396 reviews The Arnos Manor Hotel is a conveniently located Hotel, which is close to my work and also Bristol city centre. It has free parking for residents, which you will struggle to find in city centre hotels. It’s spotlessly clean. Show more Show less John United Kingdom Harbour Hotel Bristol Hotel in Bristol From CAD 171 per night 7.9 Good 1,430 reviews We always start at the Bristol Harbour hotel when we are in Bristol the location is central and like that you can walk to most places, the feel and cleanliness if the hotel is also why we keep returning. Show more Show less April United Kingdom DoubleTree by Hilton Bristol North Hotel in Bristol From CAD 110 per night 7.1 Good 3,413 reviews Breakfast was ok location was very bad an hour away on a bus as we did not know there was three of these hotels in Bristol nothing to do around this hotel tell how to make a bus into the city centre Show more Show less John Ireland Cotham House #2 by Prescott Apartments Bristol From CAD 190 per night 8.4 Very good 21 reviews Large rooms, nicely furnished & spotlessly clean. Very little traffic noise despite being on a busy road. More space & freedom than a hotel at a lot less cost. Show more Show less Harry United Kingdom DoubleTree by Hilton Bristol City Centre Hotel in Bristol From CAD 145 per night 7.6 Good 3,327 reviews Very convenient for businesses and amenities in Bristol city centre. Otherwise, a standard business-orieted hotel, well run and good value. Show more Show less Peter United Kingdom Number 38 Clifton Hotel in Clifton, Bristol From CAD 239 per night 9.3 Superb 1,255 reviews Light and airy room with luxurious bed and bathroom - non-formula compared to a hotel chain. Excellent breakfast. Show more Show less Heather United Kingdom Leonardo Hotel Bristol City Hotel in Bristol From CAD 131 per night 8.8 Fabulous 8,082 reviews Great hotel friendly staff. Great location. This will be my go to hotel in Bristol Show more Show less ALISA United Kingdom Village Hotel Bristol Filton Hotel in Bristol From CAD 116 per night 7.5 Good 2,114 reviews Loved the location and the hotel was spotless. The staff were very helpful too Show more Show less Lorraine United Kingdom Mercure Bristol Grand Hotel Hotel in Bristol From CAD 111 per night 7.1 Good 5,619 reviews The location was great and the hotel was nice enough. Show more Show less ellie United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Bristol Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Hotels in London Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels in Edinburgh Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels near Bristol Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Cardiff Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Bath Find more hotels in a city close to Bath. Hotels in Weston-super-Mare Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Weston-super-Mare, not too far from Bristol. Hotels in Clifton Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Harbourside Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Bristol Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1866460,1871440,1870380|7,1870380,1846890,1833870,1870380|3,1847760|3,1847760