The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Auckland, New Zealand - Auckland hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Auckland Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Auckland hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels New Zealand Auckland Region Auckland Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Auckland – 1,180 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Copthorne Hotel Auckland City 4 stars Hotel in Auckland Central Business District, Auckland Located close to Auckland’s scenic harbour, the Copthorne Hotel is a 4-star property offering spacious guest accommodation and great views over the city and the water. Lisa Netherlands Perfect room! Bed was really comfy. Room + bathroom clean! Show more Show less 6.9 Review score 2,892 reviews Price from CAD 120 per night Check availability Grand Millennium Auckland 4 stars Hotel in Auckland Central Business District, Auckland Grand Millennium Auckland, superbly located in the city centre with some of the city’s finest dining, shopping and entertainment venues at your doorstep. Ilze Portugal The room was large and with a big window; very comfortable beds; good sound isolation. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 3,697 reviews Price from CAD 173 per night Check availability Cordis, Auckland by Langham Hospitality Group 5 stars Hotel in Auckland Central Business District, Auckland Located in the lively uptown area near Upper Queen Street and Karangahape Road, Cordis, Auckland is surrounded by a vibrant neighbourhood. Daniel Germany Outstanding Service and Accommodation. The Staff is amazing. A Shuttle-Service directly to the shopping heart (Queens Street) is available on an hourly schedule. The Spa (Pool, Sauna and Steam Room, fresh Ice for post-cooling) is also very recommendable. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 2,087 reviews Price from CAD 200 per night Check availability Poenamo Hotel 4 stars Hotel in North Shore, Auckland Poenamo Hotel offers access to 6 separately owned and managed restaurants within the complex, a fully fenced outdoor pool with hot tub, and free parking, including for trucks, on site. Paris New Zealand The hotel itself, nice eviroment Show more Show less 7 Good 1,991 reviews Price from CAD 98 per night Check availability Hilton Auckland 5 stars Hotel in Auckland Central Business District, Auckland HIlton Auckland offers stylish rooms and suites in an idyllic location at the end of Princes Wharf. Matt Australia Great staff, central location and great facilities Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 2,416 reviews Price from CAD 269 per night Check availability Quality Hotel Lincoln Green 4 stars Hotel in Waitakere, Auckland Located a 20-minute drive from downtown Auckland, Quality Hotel Lincoln Green is situated in West Auckland It features a restaurant, a bar and a full conference centre on site. Grant United States Teddy at Reception was outstanding with the support of Manager of Housekeeping. Service provided was above and beyond. Show more Show less 7.9 Good 1,185 reviews Price from CAD 135 per night Check availability Waipuna Hotel & Conference Centre 4 stars Hotel in Mount Wellington, Auckland Waipuna Hotel offers 4-star accommodation just 15 minutes’ drive from Auckland city centre and Auckland International Airport. James United States Wonderfylylul and understanding stff. We were stranded by the floods and they accommodated us! Show more Show less 7.8 Good 547 reviews Price from CAD 159 per night Check availability Allenby Park Hotel 3.5 stars Hotel in Auckland Located on Great South Road in the heart of Manukau, Allenby Park Hotel offers modern accommodation and an on-site bar and restaurant. Petrocelli Vaili New Zealand The private parking was a bonus !! Show more Show less 5.7 Review score 6 reviews Check availability Hotel Fitzroy curated by Fable 5 stars Hotel in Ponsonby, Auckland Housed in a 2-storey villa, Hotel Fitzroy curated by Fable is a luxury boutique hotel offering a 24-hour front desk, 24-hour room service and free WiFi. Fernanda Mexico The place is so pretty! Amazing design!! GREAT location. Breakfast is superb!!! Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 221 reviews Price from CAD 376 per night Check availability Doubletree By Hilton Karaka 4 stars Hotel in Auckland Situated in Auckland, 13 km from Auckland Botanic Gardens, Doubletree By Hilton Karaka features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Longmei United States The hotel is new, clean and tastefully decorated. It is located with easy access to the Auckland airport and enroute to Hamilton. Breakfast good value, service staff courteous and efficient. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,227 reviews Price from CAD 170 per night Check availability See all 372 hotels in Auckland Cheapest time to stay in Auckland In June you can stay in Auckland for an average price of CA$125 per night CA$224CA$179CA$134CA$89CA$45CA$0 CA$152 Jan CA$172 Feb CA$169 Mar CA$136 Apr CA$128 May CA$125 Jun CA$138 Jul CA$138 Aug CA$136 Sep CA$139 Oct CA$152 Nov CA$147 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Auckland in the past month See all QT Auckland Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 8.7 Fabulous · 2,489 reviews Airport Gateway Hotel Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 7.0 Good · 4,689 reviews ibis Budget Auckland Airport Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 7.7 Good · 11,543 reviews Marsden Viaduct Hotel Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 8.3 Very good · 3,104 reviews SkyCity Hotel Auckland Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 8.4 Very good · 5,104 reviews President Hotel Auckland Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 7.4 Good · 5,219 reviews Kiwi International Hotel Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 7.2 Good · 3,236 reviews Nesuto Stadium Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 8.4 Very good · 2,319 reviews Imagine Beach Road Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 8.8 Fabulous · 2,837 reviews Auckland Rose Park Hotel Hotel in Auckland Popular with guests booking hotels in Auckland 7.7 Good · 6,332 reviews Auckland's best hotels with breakfast See all Mercure Auckland Queen Street Hotel in Auckland Breakfast options Attractively set in the centre of Auckland, Mercure Auckland Queen Street features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. Nice, great sized room with all amenities you might need Avg. price/night: CAD 133.82 8.2 Very good · 2,691 reviews Ohtel Auckland Hotel in Auckland Breakfast options Conveniently situated in Auckland, Ohtel Auckland provides air-conditioned rooms, an outdoor swimming pool, free WiFi and a fitness centre. The rooms, the decor is awesome. Loved the bathtub Avg. price/night: CAD 359.34 8.9 Fabulous · 1,561 reviews QT Auckland Hotel in Auckland Breakfast options Set in Auckland in the heart of the Viaduct Harbour, QT Auckland offers accommodation with a restaurant, valet parking, a fitness centre and a bar. Location was ok wasn't what was prtrayd but room was nice Avg. price/night: CAD 291.35 8.7 Fabulous · 2,489 reviews Sudima Auckland City Hotel in Auckland Breakfast options Ideally set in Auckland, Sudima Auckland City features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Very friendly staff and helpful Excellent location Avg. price/night: CAD 209.54 8.6 Fabulous · 1,354 reviews Travelodge Hotel Auckland Wynyard Quarter Hotel in Auckland Breakfast options Attractively set in the centre of Auckland, Travelodge Hotel Auckland Wynyard Quarter features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and private paid parking. The staff were amazing. Really helpful and friendly Avg. price/night: CAD 194.59 8.4 Very good · 2,834 reviews Swiss-Belsuites Victoria Park Auckland Hotel in Auckland Breakfast options Swiss-Belsuites Victoria Park Auckland is centrally located to explore the shops, cafes and restaurants of Auckland City Central offering stylish and spacious 40 luxury suites starting from 52 square... the view and just the whole room itself was perfect Avg. price/night: CAD 252.11 8.0 Very good · 1,327 reviews Novotel Auckland Airport Hotel in Auckland Breakfast options Located next to Auckland International Airport, Novotel Auckland Airport offers elegant modern accommodation, a restaurant, a bar and a fully equipped fitness centre. Did not have breakfast as had an early flight out. Avg. price/night: CAD 307.21 8.5 Very good · 4,218 reviews Sudima Auckland Airport Hotel in Auckland Breakfast options Sudima Auckland Airport is 5 minutes drive from Manakau Harbour and Butterfly Creek and 15 minutes drive from Rainbow’s End. Auckland’s City Centre is a 30 minute drive away. Convient to airport, quiet rooms, comfy bed, very clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 209.54 8.4 Very good · 2,747 reviews Budget hotels in Auckland See all The Prospect of Howick Accommodation Hotel in Auckland Budget Hotel Featuring a bar, terrace and views of sea, The Prospect of Howick Accommodation is set in Auckland, 5 km from Howick Historical Village. Great location. Very comfortable room. Exceptional staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 104.35 8.5 Very good · 226 reviews Gamma Hotel Hotel in Auckland Budget Hotel Conveniently situated in the centre of Auckland, Gamma Hotel provides air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, private parking and room service. Great location and comfortable rooms for short trip Avg. price/night: CAD 81.81 6.9 Pleasant · 1,587 reviews Airport Garden Inn Hotel & Conference Centre Hotel in Auckland Budget Hotel Located in Auckland, in a building dating from 1990, 6 km from Mount Smart Stadium, Airport Garden Inn Hotel & Conference Centre offers a casino and guestrooms with free WiFi. Reception was lovely, rooms were standard and clean Avg. price/night: CAD 140.25 6.4 Pleasant · 4,177 reviews No. 9 Hotel Hotel in Auckland Budget Hotel Located in Auckland, No 9 Hotel is a 3-star hybrid property offering hotel and backpacker accommodation. Is room is small for 4, but the bed is really comfy. Avg. price/night: CAD 104.35 6.9 Pleasant · 1,559 reviews Ascotia Off Queen Hotel in Auckland Budget Hotel Ascotia Off Queen is located in the heart of Auckland CBD (Central Business District), and a 2-minute walk from Myers Park. Good price & lovely welcoming & helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 90.91 6.9 Pleasant · 3,739 reviews The Surrey Hotel Hotel in Auckland Budget Hotel The Surrey Hotel and Motel offers a wide variety of rooms from motel studios to 2 Bedroom Apartments. The rooms were a nice layout, very fresh and clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 132.73 7.5 Good · 1,367 reviews Mount Richmond Hotel Hotel in Auckland Budget Hotel Mount Richmond Hotel offers affordable accommodation in Mt Wellington. Complimentary unlimited WiFi is provided. Clean, central to where we needed to be. Enjoyed spa Avg. price/night: CAD 116.46 7.4 Good · 1,712 reviews Airport Gateway Hotel Hotel in Auckland Budget Hotel Just 5 minutes’ drive from Auckland Airport, this hotel has free on-site parking for travellers flying in or out of Auckland. 10 GB of free WiFi is provided per day, per guest. the staff and service were awesome stayed an extra night Avg. price/night: CAD 98.57 7.0 Good · 4,689 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Auckland See all Hotel Fitzroy curated by Fable Hotel in Auckland Central location Housed in a 2-storey villa, Hotel Fitzroy curated by Fable is a luxury boutique hotel offering a 24-hour front desk, 24-hour room service and free WiFi. Great hotel experience from the staff and loved the rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 425.75 9.3 Superb · 221 reviews Hotel DeBrett Hotel in Auckland Central location This stylish boutique hotel in the heart of Auckland CBD (Central Business District) is a short walk from the Viaduct Harbour and the Sky Tower. Hotel with style, very helpful and very kind staff Avg. price/night: CAD 261.96 8.9 Fabulous · 592 reviews Airedale Boutique Suites Hotel in Auckland Central location Located just 10 minutes' walk from the Sky Tower, Airedale Boutique Suites enjoys a central location on Queen Street and provides guests with a comfortable base in Auckland CBD (Central Business... Great CBD location, well appointed comfortable room. Avg. price/night: CAD 162.79 8.9 Fabulous · 1,231 reviews The Convent Hotel Hotel in Auckland Central location Offering free WiFi, The Convent Hotel offers rooms in Auckland, less than 1 km from Eden Park Stadium and 2.5 km from Auckland Town Hall. The property is set 2.5 km from The Civic. Staff, the facilities, the design and the character Avg. price/night: CAD 199.52 8.9 Fabulous · 1,145 reviews Quest Mount Eden Hotel in Auckland Central location Featuring 4-star accommodation, Quest Mount Eden is situated in Auckland, 2.3 km from Auckland Town Hall and 2.4 km from Auckland Domain. Arriving after hours, the service was fantastic... Avg. price/night: CAD 154.44 8.8 Fabulous · 1,004 reviews The Grand by SkyCity Hotel in Auckland Central location The Grand by SkyCity offers contemporary 5-star rooms and suites with views of Auckland Harbour and the city skyline. Liked the style and feel of the room. Comfy bed as well. Avg. price/night: CAD 277.24 8.7 Fabulous · 3,911 reviews Manha Hotel Auckland Airport Hotel in Auckland Central location Located in Auckland, 12 km from Mount Smart Stadium, Manha Hotel Auckland Airport provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking and a shared lounge. New, nice rooms and comfy bed. Good breakfast. Free shuttle. Avg. price/night: CAD 149.10 8.6 Fabulous · 588 reviews The Sebel Auckland Manukau Hotel in Auckland Central location The Sebel Auckland Manukau is set in Auckland, in the Manukau district. The property features an on site restaurant and bar and is situated a 15-minute drive from Auckland Airport. Liked the view from my room and the staff were nice Avg. price/night: CAD 179.48 8.6 Fabulous · 932 reviews FAQs about hotels in Auckland How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Auckland? On average, 3-star hotels in Auckland cost CAD 125 per night, and 4-star hotels in Auckland are CAD 179 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Auckland can on average be found for CAD 244 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Auckland for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Auckland this weekend is CAD 190 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 218. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Auckland for this weekend cost on average around CAD 286 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Auckland for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 164 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Auckland for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 214 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Auckland will cost around CAD 361 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Auckland are good for families? Many families visiting Auckland loved staying at Aachen House, Hotel Fitzroy curated by Fable and Park Hyatt Auckland. What are the best hotels in Auckland near Sky Tower? Some of the best hotels in Auckland near Sky Tower include The Hotel Britomart, Acrossia Apartment Suites and M Social Auckland. What are the best hotels in Auckland near Auckland Airport? Travellers who stayed in Auckland near Auckland Airport (AKL) have said good things about Novotel Auckland Airport, Sudima Auckland Airport and Heartland Hotel Auckland Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Auckland? Roomie Apartment Hotel, The Hotel Britomart and Doubletree By Hilton Karaka are some of the popular hotels in Auckland. What hotels in Auckland offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Auckland that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Airedale Boutique Suites, Hotel Fitzroy curated by Fable and Cordis, Auckland by Langham Hospitality Group. What hotels in Auckland are good for couples? These hotels in Auckland are highly rated by couples: Park Hyatt Auckland, Hotel Fitzroy curated by Fable and Roomie Apartment Hotel. What hotels in Auckland have nice views? M Social Auckland, Hilton Auckland and Park Hyatt Auckland have received great reviews from travellers in Auckland regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Thrilling City of Sails and Volcanoes Called the 'City of Sails' due to the large number of yachts anchored in Waitemata Harbour, Auckland is the largest city of both New Zealand and Polynesia. Built on the Auckland Volcanic Field featuring about 48 extinct volcanoes, this city truly offers a blast! Auckland is a real cultural mix with strong Asian, European, Maori and Polynesian influences, celebrated in frequent festivals and sporting events. Some examples of these cultures can be seen at the Auckland War Memorial Museum, one of the best in New Zealand. For more, try the upmarket dining of the Viaduct Harbour. Another must-see is the tallest free-standing tower in the Southern Hemisphere, the Sky Tower. If you’re feeling up to the challenge, you can even perform the Sky Jump, a controlled base jump from 192 metres! Climbing the volcanic cones as well as the stunning Auckland Harbour Bridge will provide unforgettable, panoramic views of the city’s skyline. For a different perspective, why not try a cruise or sea kayaking? Getting to the city centre is an easy trip from Auckland International Airport. Find modern hotels, comfortable motels and cheap hostels on Booking.com, sure to have the perfect accommodation for your holiday. Learn more about visiting Auckland 36 attractions 38 points of interest 28 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Auckland Volcanoes 50 reviews Road trip 723 reviews Casinos 299 reviews Family-friendly 1,307 reviews Theme Parks 322 reviews Shopping 4,008 reviews What guests said about Auckland: 10 Auckland is a vibrant city, with modern and traditional... Auckland is a vibrant city, with modern and traditional features. The Maori culture is present everywhere. Say "Kia Ora" (hello!) and you will be greeted with a smile. I specially recommend the Auckland Memorial Museum. It has a fantastic collection of Polynesian art and also sections dedicated to the world wars. I spent almost one full they there. And take the Maori cultural experience, it is beautiful and educational. Cesar_Australia Australia 8.0 My husband was here for a conference so I walked from our... My husband was here for a conference so I walked from our hotel to St Helliers Bay which took me 3hrs. Lovely walk around the different beaches & caught the bus back. The next day I went on the ferry to Devonport then onto Mt Takapuna to see the 130 sculptures on display which was superb. Belinda New Zealand 8.0 The hotels in auckland are expensive it is my home town and... The hotels in auckland are expensive it is my home town and i love Auckland very much but the hotels aren't up to scratch some are mouldy dirty some are old and need upgrading they aren't run properly even unmanned reception areas honestly are not worth the money you pay for them Deborah New Zealand 10 We decided to stay out of the city for this stay, the free... We decided to stay out of the city for this stay, the free parking was tempting as most properties we looked at in the city there was an additional charge for this. We weighed up the parking vs an uber in and out of the city for a concert and with the accomodation been cheaper this worked out in our favour. Stephen New Zealand 8.0 AUckland is really cool = great shopping, fantastic range of... AUckland is really cool = great shopping, fantastic range of food and drink. Transport is awesome and easy to use with an AT Hop card which you can get from the hotel I stayed at ! Lots of options with culture and museums - the Aquarium is amazing. Ana New Zealand 8.0 Parnell was an awesome location, we lime scootered to the... Parnell was an awesome location, we lime scootered to the city centre every day. Rainbows end was better than I expected and I really enjoyed the rides. (I've been to all the Australian theme parks). Kelly Tarletons was AMAZING and I will definitely be going again. We hired a rental car from 'Go Rentals' to explore Hamilton as well - The process and the car exceeded our expectations. but the driver got lost 🤣🤣 We love Auckland! ❤️ Carolee New Zealand Explore guest reviews of hotels in Auckland See all Proximity Apartments Manukau / Auckland Airport Auckland From CAD 149 per night 8.5 Very good 2,294 reviews Its right next to Westfield Manukau Mall which is very ideal for shopping including groceries, cooked food, cafes, chemist, shoes, clothing. Other shops in the area include takeaways & restaurants. Its also near the bus station which is ideal for getting to & from the airport, and the city. The staff were very friendly. The hotel includes secure car-parking (covered) which has direct access to the elevator to & from the different floors of the hotel. The room I stayed in had a washing machine & clothes dryer. Show more Show less Anthony Karauria New Zealand Auckland Rose Park Hotel Hotel in Auckland From CAD 148 per night 7.7 Good 6,328 reviews Great hotel near the Auckland Rose Park. Our hotel room had a beautiful view of the park! This was walking distance to the water. There was also a great selection of cafes and restaurants and bars on Parnell Road which was a short walk away. We even walked to downtown Auckland so everything was accessible. We loved the free parking for our car. We loved that this was a quiet location (as compared to the CBD). WiFi was good. Show more Show less Catherine United States Kolmar Inn Auckland From CAD 109 per night 8.4 Very good 1,544 reviews Canadian finishing up a 2 week stay in NZ and picked this hotel because of the location near the airport. It is a very new property with a large room and very comfortable beds. Was in the room adjacent the front desk, so wifi was accessible in our room. Has fairly quick access to the motorway with about a 45min trip to the CBD during the morning commute. Show more Show less Michael New Zealand The Convent Hotel Hotel in Auckland From CAD 174 per night 8.9 Fabulous 1,145 reviews I think this is the coolest hotel I have ever stayed at! When in Auckland, it would be a shame staying elsewhere. The hotel is very, very interesting and unusual, and every little detail is very well thought of. The bathroom and the balcony were very spacious and comfy. Not too far from the city center. Very comfy, convenient and trendy. We loved it! Show more Show less Anna Italy ibis Budget Auckland Airport Hotel in Auckland From CAD 149 per night 7.7 Good 11,535 reviews The location so near to Auckland Airport and there is countdown on the side and kfc and restaurant and bar I stayed on 28 November and it was worth it to stay in this hotel.KIM the money is non refundable so before booking make sure to make a good plan and if book here if you are 100% sure staying here. Show more Show less Anil Nepal Sudima Auckland Airport Hotel in Auckland From CAD 177 per night 8.4 Very good 2,748 reviews The welcome at the reception was exceptional and staff throughout the Hotel were very helpful and courteous. We were very tired on arrival and we were processed quickly and efficiently. The hotel is very clean and transport to and from Auckland International Airport was easy to access. Show more Show less Mel Payne New Zealand Nesuto St Martins Apartment Hotel Auckland From CAD 158 per night 7.5 Good 1,074 reviews Very close to all the great selection of restaurants and cafes Auckland has to offer and the motorway. Apartment was exceptionally tidy and comfortable. Bonus was a washing machine and stove top with an oven and even a dishwasher which most hotels or apartments don't have. Show more Show less David New Zealand No. 9 Hotel Hotel in Auckland From CAD 50 per night 6.9 Review score 1,559 reviews The room was a little run-down but it had a lovely decor and the little courtyard was nice. Good facilities in the room (microwave, fridge, kettle, toaster, tv). Nice size room. Parking was relatively cheap compared to other hotels around Auckland. Show more Show less Riika New Zealand Auckland Airport Kiwi Hotel Hotel in Auckland From CAD 81 per night 6.4 Review score 2,445 reviews Communication was excellent, booked room for a family member who had a long layover in Auckland. Courtesy shuttle service to and from the airport took the stress away and a relaxed traveller for the long haul flights ahead. Show more Show less Jim New Zealand Imagine Beach Road Hotel in Auckland From CAD 149 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,837 reviews I love the location of the hotel, few minutes walk to CBD/Britomart and Auckland Port. Bus stops are few minutes walk near the place too. The room was spacious, the toilet was big and tidy. Its accessable. Show more Show less Ms. Santillana New Zealand Ocean Breeze Hotel Hotel in Auckland From CAD 167 per night 7.9 Good 1,908 reviews I stayed here more than 10 times with my partner, huge rooms and free parking on site. It's our goto place for hotel in Auckland, great view and quiet neighbourhood. Would recommend to anyone. Show more Show less Geunwoo New Zealand LyLo Auckland Auckland From CAD 53 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,789 reviews Proximity to the sky city which is a direct bus service from Auckland Airport. Staffs are friendly. Room is clean and bed is comfy. We were invited to the Maori New Year breakfast. Show more Show less MONJOO Singapore Naumi Auckland Airport Hotel Hotel in Auckland From CAD 154 per night 7.7 Good 3,840 reviews Better than most airport hotels I've stayed in. Easy to find and ample parking. We found the pool while waiting to check in. The food was good. Show more Show less Michael United Kingdom Novotel Auckland Airport Hotel in Auckland From CAD 275 per night 8.5 Very good 4,220 reviews Good clean hotel. Good facilities. Very very convenient for Auckland airport. Good breakfast. Nice staff. Not cheap Show more Show less Phillip New Zealand Surf 'N' Snow Backpackers Auckland From CAD 28 per night 5.5 Review score 1,512 reviews Right in the CBD and close to the airport bus and intercity bus depot. Show more Show less Jeff New Zealand Gamma Hotel Hotel in Auckland From CAD 76 per night 6.9 Review score 1,587 reviews Hotel is very close to the city centre Show more Show less Ryan Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Auckland Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Flights to Auckland Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hostels in Auckland More great accommodation options for your trip. Motels in Auckland More great accommodation options for your trip. Serviced Apartments in Auckland More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in New Zealand Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Christchurch Take a look at hotels in Christchurch and explore more of New Zealand. Hotels in Queenstown Discover another destination in New Zealand. Hotels in Auckland Region Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Auckland Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1866460,1833870,1847760,1870380|7,1847760|3,1846890,1870380,1871440,1870380|3