7 best places in Asia to celebrate Christmas | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский 한국어 עברית Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Tiếng Việt Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Articles Destinations 7 best places in Asia to celebrate Christmas 7 best places in Asia to celebrate Christmas Destinations There’s nothing quite like visiting a new city at Christmastime – from bustling shopping centres to feasts of regional cuisine. Cities across Asia celebrate with their own unique blend of Christmas tradition and local flavour to create magical experiences for all. Whether you’re looking for a winter wonderland or a warm-weather escape, you’ll find plenty of reasons to be merry with a Christmas trip to Asia. Here are seven spots to get you into the Christmas spirit. Hong Kong Visit Disneyland and get lost in the Magic Kingdom With a mild winter and buzzy atmosphere, Hong Kong is a perfect place to spend the festive season. The city’s WinterFest celebration lights up the harbour with dazzling choreographed light displays. If you want to get out of the city, then make some lasting memories with a visit to Hong Kong Disneyland. There’s plenty to explore for adults and kids alike, including the opening of World of Frozen, the park’s newest land which brings hit films to life in a Nordic-inspired winter wonderland. Fans of Frozen will love meeting Queen Anna and Elsa, exploring Arendelle and three new attractions. Stay in the middle of the magic at Disney's Hollywood Hotel. Tokyo Wander Tokyo's streets and soak up the festive vibe While Tokyo is known for its neon lights year-round, the Japanese capital takes on an especially magical glow around Christmastime. Catch ‘Illuminations’ – a collection of light displays that feature music and moving elements – all around town from November to late January. A typical Japanese Christmas includes a meal of KFC fried chicken and strawberry sponge cake. Or for a taste of a European-style Christmas, be sure to check out one of Tokyo’s festive markets. The German-themed market in Meiji-jingu is an idyllic stop for mulled wine and handmade ornaments. For stunning city views and a central location, stay at THE BLOSSOM HIBIYA. Singapore Discover Singapore's unique Christmas flavours Festive activities, world-class Christmas shopping and some of the most delicious food in the world can all be found in Singapore. Don’t miss the Christmas Wonderland at Gardens by the Bay, a fairytale-esque annual event with carnival games, themed rides and a market for gifts. While Singapore’s climate stays relatively toasty throughout the year, you can get your fill of chilly adventures at Snow City. This indoor snow centre is perfect for families, with a snow slope for tubing, a snow slide and even bumper cars on ice. Spend your holiday at the iconic Marina Bay Sands – a five-star hotel within walking distance of Christmas Wonderland. Bangkok Embrace the Christmas spirit in the heart of Bangkok Combine sightseeing and Christmas gift shopping with a visit to one of Bangkok’s many shopping plazas. centralwOrld, the ninth largest shopping mall in the world, gets decked out for the holidays with a Christmas tree and a different themed village every year. Head to the Icon Siam shopping centre – located on the riverfront – to see Christmas trees, decorations and seasonal shows. From there, you can catch the sparkling city from a different perspective with a Nighttime Boat Tour of the Chao Phraya. Enjoy a stay at the charming Daraya Boutique Hotel, located just a few minutes away from some of the best shopping centres in the city. Sapporo Create lasting memories as Sapporo transforms into a magical snowy paradise As the largest city in Hokkaido – Japan’s coldest, most northern prefecture – Sapporo is uniquely positioned for festive cheer. Step into a Bavarian wonderland at the Munich Christmas Market, complete with German sausages, hot mulled wine and both Japanese and German shopping stalls. After the market, wander over to Sapporo White Illumination, a twinkling light exhibition that takes over the city in December. After a long day of exploring, cosy up at THE KNOT SAPPORO. Guests love this chic, modern hotel for its comfort and location. Harbin Immerse yourself in frozen fantasy at the Harbin Ice Sculpture Festival Visitors come from across China and around the world to visit Harbin’s famous Ice and Snow Festival. The festival features ornate, architectural ice sculptures carved by master artists. It’s a particularly stunning scene at night, when the sculptures are illuminated by multi-coloured lights to serene effect. The festival’s grand opening isn’t till January, but you can visit and see the sculptures being carved from mid-December. Enjoy views of the city skyline and the frozen river from The Ritz-Carlton, Harbin. Seoul Embrace Seoul's Christmas glow that blends tradition and modernity Christmas in South Korea is often seen as a romantic holiday, making it a great destination for couples at this time of year. But no matter who you’re travelling with, you’ll find plenty of Christmas lights, shopping and wintertime fun. Go ice skating at one of the many outdoor ice rinks – in particular, check out the twinkling lights of the Grand Hyatt Seoul’s ice rink. One of the most beautiful light displays in the city can be found at Myeongdong Cathedral. Here, you can wander sparkling cathedral grounds and pay a visit to the ‘wishing trees’, where people share their hopes for the new year. Stay at the comfortable Hotel28 Myeongdong for a spot that’s centrally located, yet off the main street so you can enjoy a silent night’s sleep. Search and discover more articles Search Explore travel categories Eat & Drink Sports & Fitness Travel tips Beach Nature Destinations Family travel Future of travel We picked these articles for you Top 5 places for winter sports in South Korea Ski Olympic slopes and jumps, before relaxing in a traditional Korean bathhouse 10 incredible music festivals in Europe From Elton John’s last-ever gig to dancing on the beach in Corsica or Croatia. What to visit around Liverpool, England Don’t miss these lively spots in the North West of England. 10 incredible music festivals in the US Discover new artists and make incredible memories at the top US music festivals for 2023. 2023 Sydney WorldPride: The Guide How to celebrate the southern hemisphere’s first WorldPride, hosted in spectacular Sydney. Top places in Japan to see cherry blossom For picture-perfect pink scenes and picnics, head to Japan for sakura season. There's more to discover Find hotels in Hong Kong Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account