The Best Ras Al Khaimah Hotels – Where To Stay in and around Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates Enter your dates and choose from 230 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Arab Emirates Ras Al Khaimah Stay in Ras Al Khaimah's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach 5 stars Hotel in Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah Located on a private stretch of white sandy beach in Al Jazirah Al Hamra, The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach boasts 32 private villas facing the sea, all with their own pool. The privacy and proximity to a shopping center and night activities ( mall is the only place for kids at night) Show more Show less 9 Superb 559 reviews Price from CAD 949 per night Check availability Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island 4 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Set in Ras al Khaimah, 80 metres from Santorini Beach, Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a... The best ever exerience. such quiet place .. Beautiful sunset view from the balcony. The staff has been amazing. We were given a cake with beautiful room decore for free when the management got to know it was a minin moon. The pool area for kids is fun . My 1 year old was never bored there. Show more Show less 8 Very good 4,168 reviews Price from CAD 126 per night Check availability Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah 3 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Located in the Al Nakheel area by the creek, Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah offers modern accommodations with free WiFi, a rooftop pool and a state-of-the-art fitness centre. Stuff were friendly and the place was clean so keep it up Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 4,414 reviews Price from CAD 47 per night Check availability KAY Homes Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Situated in Ras al Khaimah, 1.9 km from Al Jazeerah Beach, KAY Homes features accommodation with a terrace, free private parking, a restaurant and barbecue facilities. Excellent facilities, very nice decor, very friendly staff , loved the stay. It was excellent value for money. We also loved the breakfast provided and the birthday decorations. The pool was very clean and comfortable. The villas were very aesthetically designed and well maintained. Housekeeping was eager to serve us and wanted to make us feel comfortable. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 1,003 reviews Price from CAD 151 per night Check availability Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah 3 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Located in Ras al Khaimah, 2.9 km from Al Manar Mall, Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah features a bar and views of the city. the guy Othman at the reciption he is always fantastic, helpful, and polite. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 2,495 reviews Price from CAD 48 per night Check availability M14 Hotel Apartment Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Set in Ras al Khaimah, within 2 km of Ras Al Khaimah Beach and 4.6 km of Al Manar Mall, M14 Hotel Apartment offers accommodation with a restaurant and free WiFi as well as free private parking for... 11/10 and 6/5 stars, best value and service. the cafe on the first floor is an attraction by itself Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 150 reviews Price from CAD 56 per night Check availability Bear Grylls Explorers Camp 5 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Situated in Ras al Khaimah, 700 metres from Jebel Jais Mountain, Bear Grylls Explorers Camp features accommodation with barbecue facilities and free private parking. Clean, very comfortable beds, bbq area excellent, all easy to acces, quiet place, nice people/visitors. We will be very happy to come back again, hopefully this winter. Thank you. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 139 reviews Price from CAD 147 per night Check availability SH Hotel - Free Parking Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Boasting a bar, SH Hotel - Free Parking is situated in Ras al Khaimah in the Ras Al Khaimah region, 1.9 km from Al Manar Mall and 2.6 km from Tower Links Golf Club. I was impressed overall about what I saw. Show more Show less 5.6 Review score 1,320 reviews Price from CAD 58 per night Check availability Royal View Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Situated in Ras al Khaimah, a few steps from Al Manar Mall, Royal View Hotel features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. The woman who works in the reception is a good personality and very helpful Show more Show less 7.5 Good 2,018 reviews Price from CAD 55 per night Check availability Marjan Island Resort & Spa Managed By Accor 5 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Marjan Island Resort & Spa is situated on the first man-made island in Ras Al Khaimah, inside the clear waters of the Arabian Gulf. Amazing rooms and view. Special mention to the front office manager KSENIIA KLEVINA. She was calm and upgraded our rooms and handled our situation really well. She was lovely. God bless her. She did her best. Make her your chief of staff. Have been to many big hotels over in the world not many times i have received calls from reception asking am I doing good or not. There was a small hiccup but she went out of her way. ❤️❤️❤️❤️ Show more Show less 7.4 Good 6,530 reviews Price from CAD 166 per night Check availability See all 66 hotels in Ras Al Khaimah Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Ras Al Khaimah with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Ras Al Khaimah Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.1 Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah 4 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.0 DoubleTree by Hilton Ras Al Khaimah 4 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 7.9 The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach 5 stars Hotel in Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Marjan Island Resort & Spa Managed By Accor 5 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 7.9 Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah 3 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah 24 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.3 KAY Homes Hotel in Ras al Khaimah 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.9 Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah 3 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.4 Bear Grylls Explorers Camp 5 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.8 Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island 4 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah 8 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.5 See all Most booked hotels in Ras Al Khaimah in the past month See all Ras Al Khaimah Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 7.8 Good 2,127 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah 4 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 7.6 Good 5,652 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Ras Al Khaimah 4 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 7.5 Good 2,777 reviews Marjan Island Resort & Spa Managed By Accor 5 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 7.4 Good 6,530 reviews Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah 3 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 8.1 Very good 2,495 reviews Royal View Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 7.5 Good 2,018 reviews Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah 3 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 8.1 Very good 4,414 reviews Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island 4 stars Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 8.0 Very good 4,168 reviews Al Hamra Village Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 6.8 Review score 647 reviews M14 Hotel Apartment Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Popular with guests booking hotels in Ras Al Khaimah 8.8 Fabulous 150 reviews Ras Al Khaimah's best hotels with breakfast See all Mangrove Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Facing the creek of Ras Al Khaimah, the Mangrove Hotel offers elegantly decorated rooms and suites. The staff was amazing and the room was quite peaceful. Show more Show less From CAD 92 per night 7.5 Good 1,151 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Overlooking the Ras al Khaimah Creek, this luxurious 4-star hotel features a rooftop pool with a lounge and 24/7 Fitness by Precor. It offers elegant rooms and suites and a free private parking. The hotel staff was wonderful, helpful and supportive. I would like to mention Mr. Show more Show less From CAD 63 per night 7.4 Good 2,777 reviews BM Beach Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Located on a private sandy beach in Ras Al Khaimah, The BM Beach Hotel brings together a timeless feel, modern amenities, and peerless service. The ambience and the environment was good... staffs are very welcoming helpful and friendly. Show more Show less From CAD 158 per night 6.5 Review score 2,470 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah is located in the Al Nakheel area by the creek, just steps from the Free Trade Zone and RAK Exhibition Centre. Great lot of options for buffet. Clean environment, Such a good place to relax. Show more Show less From CAD 65 per night 7.6 Good 5,652 reviews Ras Al Khaimah Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Featuring panoramic views of the corniche and the surrounding mountains, Ras Al Khaimah Hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with satellite TV. Facilities include a large pool. I really like the staff, they were so kind and had a great service. they gave us free upgrade. Show more Show less From CAD 81 per night 7.8 Good 2,127 reviews Al Hamra Village Hotel Hotel in Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Al Hamra Village Hotel has an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a terrace and restaurant in Ras al Khaimah. Featuring a bar, the 4-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Fabulous suite and really lovely staff. Show more Show less From CAD 80 per night 6.8 Review score 647 reviews Great Wall Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Situated in Ras al Khaimah, 4.3 km from Al Manar Mall, Great Wall Hotel features accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking and a terrace. The location was beautiful, we could see the fireworks Show more Show less From CAD 70 per night 7.4 Good 218 reviews Al Nakheel Hotel Apartments Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Breakfast options Al Nakheel Hotel Apartments is located in Ras al Khaimah, 20-minutes away from Al Hamra Mall. 12 km from Iceland Water Park, the property is also 1.7 km from Al Manar Mall . This is a very nice hotel in the area. I would say one of the best in town. Show more Show less From CAD 48 per night 7.4 Good 895 reviews Budget hotels in Ras Al Khaimah See all Grand PJ Hotel - Free Parking Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Situated in Ras al Khaimah, Grand Hotel PJ offers air-conditioned rooms with a private balcony, less than 5 km from Tower Links Golf Club. Facilities include a beauty shop and a nightclub. The front desk staffs really amazing they way of talking smiling 😃 face way dealing to clients... Show more Show less From CAD 58 per night 5.8 Review score 1,390 reviews Aurak Guest House Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Set in Ras al Khaimah, within 4.2 km of Al Manar Mall and 6.3 km of Tower Links Golf Club, Aurak Guest House offers accommodation with a shared lounge and free WiFi throughout the property as well as... Everything was fine! Apartment is very good, location is great! Show more Show less From CAD 92 per night 7.1 Good 151 reviews Al Maha Residence Rak Hotel in Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Featuring free WiFi, One to One Al Maha Suites is located in Ras al Khaimah. A 50-minute drive from Sharjah International Airport. Excellent hospitality, staff was most helpful and supportive. Many thanks. Show more Show less From CAD 53 per night 6.7 Review score 391 reviews I Like Al Hamra Palace - Elite Beach & Golf Resort Private Suites Hotel in Al Hamra Village , Ras al Khaimah Budget Hotel Set in Ras al Khaimah, I Like Al Hamra Palace - Elite Beach & Golf Resort Private Suites offers beachfront accommodation 80 metres from Al Hamra Beach and offers various facilities, such as an outdoor... Show more Show less From CAD 479 per night 9.7 Exceptional 3 reviews FAQs about hotels in Ras Al Khaimah How much is a hotel in Ras Al Khaimah for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 121 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Ras Al Khaimah for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 200 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Ras Al Khaimah will cost around CAD 454 (based on Booking.com prices). How many hotels in Ras Al Khaimah are listed on Booking.com? There are 113 hotels in Ras Al Khaimah you can book on Booking.com. How much is a hotel in Ras Al Khaimah for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Ras Al Khaimah this weekend is CAD 76 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 182. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Ras Al Khaimah for this weekend cost on average around CAD 613 per night (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Ras Al Khaimah are good for families? Many families visiting Ras Al Khaimah loved staying at The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach, KAY Homes and Bear Grylls Explorers Camp. Similarly, M14 Hotel Apartment, Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah and Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island are also popular among family travellers. What are the best hotels to stay in Ras Al Khaimah? The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach, KAY Homes and Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah are some of the popular hotels in Ras Al Khaimah. In addition to these hotels, Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah, Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island and M14 Hotel Apartment are also popular in Ras Al Khaimah. What are the best hotels in Ras Al Khaimah near Ras Al Khaimah International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Ras Al Khaimah near Ras Al Khaimah International Airport (RKT) have said good things about KAY Homes, M14 Hotel Apartment and The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach. Among the hotels near Ras Al Khaimah International Airport in Ras Al Khaimah, Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah, Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island and Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah have also been highly rated. What hotels in Ras Al Khaimah offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Ras Al Khaimah that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach, KAY Homes and Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah. What hotels in Ras Al Khaimah are good for couples? Couples travelling in Ras Al Khaimah loved staying at KAY Homes, The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach and M14 Hotel Apartment. Similarly, these hotels in Ras Al Khaimah are highly rated by couples: Bear Grylls Explorers Camp, Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah and Citymax Hotel Ras Al Khaimah. What hotels in Ras Al Khaimah have nice views? The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach, Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island and Action Hotel Ras Al Khaimah have received great reviews from travellers in Ras Al Khaimah regarding the views from their hotel rooms. What are the best hotels in Ras Al Khaimah near Al Hamra Mall? Some of the best hotels in Ras Al Khaimah near Al Hamra Mall include قرية الحمرا راس الخيمة, Waldorf Astoria Ras Al Khaimah and The Ritz-Carlton Ras Al Khaimah, Al Hamra Beach. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Ras Al Khaimah? On average, 3-star hotels in Ras Al Khaimah cost CAD 59 per night, and 4-star hotels in Ras Al Khaimah are CAD 146 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Ras Al Khaimah can on average be found for CAD 447 per night (based on Booking.com prices). Planning a trip? Get inspired by reviews of cities in Ras Al Khaimah 8.0 Ras al khaimah Emirate is so pleasant with its stretched... Ras al khaimah Emirate is so pleasant with its stretched beaches has everything you need souqs n malls shops restaurants and relatively good weather. The most delicious seafood restaurant in uae is in ras al khaymah ever we don't mind driving to eat in that marvellous seafood restaurant i highly recommend to go n eat there in downtown ras alkhaymah it is AlMoHEET RESTAURANT amazing Show more Show less Mona United Arab Emirates 10 Ras al Khaimah is a close location for a get-away if you are... Ras al Khaimah is a close location for a get-away if you are tired from the busy din and bustle of City Life. It is not really a secluded place from prying eyes of city dwellers but at least you can breathe the fresh air from the sea. My first visit to RAK was when I stayed at The Cove Rotana. Trust me, the entrance blew me away. It was night but none the less I was like a child awed by the area. We got our own tiny villa with the cove in front. Beautiful, serene and lush greens were always on my mind. This is not really a review for the cove but being in front of the beach really eased my mind. Good food, good place and good thoughts. I didn't really go out much but I am planning to go back again so that I can experience more of RAK. Show more Show less Doel Mitra India 10 Ras Al Khaimah is a relaxing city, very peaceful and calm,... Ras Al Khaimah is a relaxing city, very peaceful and calm, with lots of places close by, Iceland water park to test your fitness and give you and your family a wonderful adventurous water day. If you feel like having water all around you and your family for all day, do not miss the Iceland water park. Surely, it is the most exciting water park in UAE for kids and family. Amazing number of kids rides and very accommodative life guards, good food and everything is pretty comfortable in Iceland water park. The mountains in Ras Al Khaimah is wonderful to drive. A fun day for family! Show more Show less Anonymous United Arab Emirates 10 Ras Al Khaimah is a beautiful city with lots of varieties. Ras Al Khaimah is a beautiful city with lots of varieties. The people are nice, nature is great, and it is affordable. You can do and see so many thing. Malls, hiking, sandy beaches, desert safari, museums, great restaurants, mountains, and lots more. Show more Show less NourNabil United Arab Emirates 6.0 If you are used to stay in Dubai, Ras Al Khaimah is like a... If you are used to stay in Dubai, Ras Al Khaimah is like a short village. U tend to compare everything u see and visit to dubai and that comparison is obviously not going to b very pleasant. Roads are congested. Signs on the roads not up to the mark. Not many people around. Show more Show less amileesha United Arab Emirates 10 The mountain backdrop and stunning beach resort combines to... The mountain backdrop and stunning beach resort combines to give a taste of Arabia that could be described as more discreet than Ras Al Khaimah's better known neighbours. Although it's worth taking an excursion to one of the other Emirates or north to Oman if your itinerary allows, if for no other reason than to witness the stunning desert scenery en-route. Show more Show less Eileen United Kingdom 10 Ras Al Khaimah is a perfect city getaway which caters to all... Ras Al Khaimah is a perfect city getaway which caters to all ours outdoor experiences.. Be it a sunny beach day, an adventerous wadi trek, a drive through vast desert landscapes, a golf day with your buddies or simply a relaxed staycation with your family. We absolutely love RAK! Show more Show less BenBraganza Australia 10 Ras al khaimah mashallah it’s very beautiful place the beach... Ras al khaimah mashallah it’s very beautiful place the beach the mountains & food in almost all the restaurants i tired is perfect .... and things r cheaper compared to dubai and they r the same stuff but expensive in dubai & shj & Ajman .... and cheaper in RAK and UAQ Show more Show less Jameela United Arab Emirates 4.0 Ras Al Khaimah could be lovely but unfortunately there seems... Ras Al Khaimah could be lovely but unfortunately there seems to be a lot of litter and plastic strewn along the beaches. It's disgusting!! Show more Show less Anonymous Tanzania 8.0 Ras Al Khaimah is gem of UAE. Ras Al Khaimah is gem of UAE. Retreat for locals or international people. Has little tourist spots such as the Al Hamra or the Marjan island. Show more Show less Anonymous United Arab Emirates Explore guest reviews of hotels in Ras Al Khaimah See all BM Beach Resort Ras al Khaimah From CAD 155 per night 6.8 Review score 3,157 reviews We liked every bit of our stay right from the alloted room @333 with beautiful senic view from balcony, ease of access to all areas around the resort. Fun filled activities organized throughout the day and night. Thank you to all BM resort members for their excellent support. Special thanks to Mrs Kumari at Osasis Restraunant. Made my 50th Birthday memorable. Staying in Ras Al Khaimah since year 2006, stayed at many hotels in other Emirates, would rate this as one of my best hotel stay. Show more Show less Vishal United Arab Emirates Hilton Ras Al Khaimah Beach Resort Ras al Khaimah From CAD 156 per night 7.9 Good 4,286 reviews From the time I arrived at the hotel, Ye who works at reception gave me an early check in. He also gave me a room with an awesome view. Cindy who works in house keeping always kept my room clean. Service was excellent. The pools and Gardens were always immaculate. The best place for a family vacation is the Hilton Ras Al Khaimah Beach Resort. Show more Show less Sajeda South Africa Royal View Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah From CAD 55 per night 7.5 Good 2,018 reviews The staff are all super friendly and accommodating. They made our stay really comfortable. We also like the location — the hotel is just right next to McDonald’s and across the Al Manar Mall and a few minutes drive away to and from other attractions in Ras Al Khaimah. Show more Show less Shiela United Arab Emirates Ras Al Khaimah Hotel Hotel in Ras al Khaimah From CAD 81 per night 7.8 Good 2,127 reviews Thank you Ras Al Khaimah Hotel. Respectful treatment and good service. It starts with Mr. Sultan's reception and his smile throughout the stay. Taking care of the cleaning of the rooms. Ms. Vivian. Thanks Show more Show less Rita United Arab Emirates Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah Marjan Island Hotel in Ras al Khaimah From CAD 126 per night 8.0 Very good 4,168 reviews Second time to Radisson Resort Ras Al Khaimah, the Best time to enjoy the kid's small water park. My son enjoys it a lot. The staff was very friendly, rooms are very clean. Show more Show less Ahmed United Arab Emirates DoubleTree by Hilton Ras Al Khaimah Hotel in Ras al Khaimah From CAD 63 per night 7.4 Good 2,777 reviews price is very affordable and locations is good for peoples who need to be closer to governmental offices of Ras Al Khaimah emirate. Show more Show less Elyas Uzbekistan Hilton Garden Inn Ras Al Khaimah From CAD 65 per night 7.6 Good 5,652 reviews Great lot of options for buffet. Clean environment, Such a good place to relax. Show more Show less Rhemer BM Beach Hotel From CAD 158 per night 6.5 Review score 2,470 reviews The ambience and the environment was good... staffs are very welcoming helpful and friendly. Show more Show less mzaltaf The Cove Rotana Resort - Ras Al Khaimah From CAD 172 per night 8.1 Very good 9,623 reviews We were free upgraded at checkin. The whole check in process was smooth as I visited with my elderly aunt so they made it faster. Loved the atmosphere. There are no words to explain the scenary from the beach. Loved the buggy cart service to travel inside the hotel. Kudos to the team. Show more Show less ANULA Grand PJ Hotel - Free Parking From CAD 58 per night 5.8 Review score 1,390 reviews The front desk staffs really amazing they way of talking smiling 😃 face way dealing to clients it's fully professionally and rooms very neat hygienic rooms I'm next time staying at grand PG hotel again I will meet to this property thank for cleaning my room and thank you to my stay is peace special thanks to Front desk Show more Show less Prakash15 Al Hamra Residence From CAD 172 per night 7.6 Good 997 reviews It was lovely staying in the hotel, everything was fantastic Show more Show less Jala Mangrove Hotel From CAD 92 per night 7.5 Good 1,151 reviews The staff was amazing and the room was quite peaceful. Show more Show less RHEA Rixos Bab Al Bahr From CAD 313 per night 7.6 Good 5,302 reviews Spacious room, nice pools, evening entertainment Show more Show less lee Bedouin Oasis Desert Camp- Ras Al Khaimah From CAD 239 per night 7.9 Good 412 reviews One of the best experiences we had in a long time. The place is lovely, the staff is friendly. Definetely arrive early so you can enjoy the pool all for yourself (it was one of our highlights). They will immediately send a photographer who will do pictures for and with you, throughout the whole day/evening, so if you have have an instagram-addicted woman traveling with you, this takes a lot of pressure and pain off from you! We negotiated him down to 100 or 150 AED I believe which seemed like a fair price (we got something like 500 pictures) send over dropbox). The staff also went above and beyond to organize a cute birthday surprise for me in a separate tent. Breakfast was surprisingly good and diverse, given that we were in the middle of nowhere! Show more Show less Thorsten Dar 66 Pool Villa with Jacuzzi From CAD 840 per night 8.0 Very good 36 reviews We are really grateful that they allowed early checkin as we had ample time to decorate for a birthday party. Their pool stayed warm throughout our stay and the barbecue facilities were great. Overall, it was a relaxing stay and we had a wonderful time. Would definitely recommend for families. Show more Show less Sol Dar 66 Pool Chalets with Jacuzzi From CAD 593 per night 8.2 Very good 62 reviews The villa is really nice and cozy. The pool size is also excellent Show more Show less Shadi Jannah Hotel Apartments & Villas From CAD 134 per night 7.5 Good 1,509 reviews Everything was beyond perfection. We loved our 3 bedroom villa with pool and enjoyed family time with complete privacy and safety. The house keeping and Show more Show less Priya City Stay Beach Hotel Apartments - Marjan Island From CAD 92 per night 7.7 Good 2,349 reviews The Room was clean with a sea view, bathroom was equipped and clean. Staff were very friendly at the reception, pools & restaurant. All were very helpful and customer service was excellent. I really enjoyed my stay and will surely come back. Show more Show less Heba Great Wall Hotel From CAD 70 per night 7.4 Good 218 reviews The location was beautiful, we could see the fireworks Show more Show less Sruthi Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Dubai Emirate Hit the road and make the most of your trip by discovering another popular destination within the United Arab Emirates. Hotels in Abu Dhabi Emirate Discover another popular destination within the United Arab Emirates. Hotels in Ras al Khaimah A popular choice with guests visiting Ras Al Khaimah. Car hire near Ras Al Khaimah International Airport Pick up your rental car as soon as you touch down. Hotels in the United Arab Emirates Set off to explore the whole country. Flights to Ras Al Khaimah Reaching Ras Al Khaimah just got easier! Apartments in Ras Al Khaimah Still looking for the perfect place to stay? Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Resorts in Ras Al Khaimah Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Visit Ras al Khaimah Visitor info for a popular local city. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440