The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Bangkok, Thailand - Bangkok hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Bangkok Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Bangkok hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Thailand Bangkok Province Bangkok Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Bangkok – 1,763 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Quarter Hualamphong by UHG Hotel in Chinatown, Bangkok The Quarter Hualamphong by UHG is located opposite of Hua Lamphong Railway Station and Hua Lamphong Subway MRT Station. It offers modern air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi in all areas. Show more 8.1 Very good 4,540 reviews Price fromCAD 94.80per night Check availability Novotel Bangkok on Siam Square Hotel in Pathumwan, Bangkok Whether it's spa pampering, sunbathing next to the pool or sampling delicious fresh Dim Sum, Novotel Bangkok on Siam Square has it all. Show more 7.3 Good 3,382 reviews Price fromCAD 157.17per night Check availability Millennium Hilton Bangkok Hotel in Riverside, Bangkok Located on the banks of the Chao Phraya River, this contemporary 5-star property has 4 dining options, gym and world-class spa. Free WiFi is available in public areas. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 3,623 reviews Price fromCAD 249.28per night Check availability Centre Point Silom Hotel in Bang Rak, Bangkok Occupying a prime location, Centre Point Silom is a 5-minute walk from Saphan Taksin BTS Station. Boasting views of Chao Phraya River, guests also enjoy the convenience of a restaurant and free Wi-Fi.... Show more 8.4 Very good 2,732 reviews Price fromCAD 168.22per night Check availability The Victory Residences Bangkok Hotel in Ratchathewi, Bangkok The Victory Residences Bangkok is located in Phayathai area, a 2-minute walk from Victory Monument BTS Skytrain Station. Located along a quiet side street, it has an outdoor pool, gym and free Wi-Fi. Show more 7.4 Good 1,799 reviews Price fromCAD 60.16per night Check availability Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 4 Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok Situated in an entertainment area of Bangkok, just a 5-minute walk from BTS Nana Skytrain Station, Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 4 boats an outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and a rooftop bar... Show more 8.4 Very good 2,556 reviews Price fromCAD 110.71per night Check availability Furama Silom Hotel Hotel in Bang Rak, Bangkok The centrally located Furama Silom Hotel offers homely accommodation with kitchenettes and views of the city, about 2 km from MBK Shopping Mall. Show more 7.0 Good 1,556 reviews Price fromCAD 63.83per night Check availability Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel and Towers Hotel in Bang Rak, Bangkok Royal Orchid Sheraton Hotel and Towers - SHA Extra Plus is located on the bank of Chao Phraya River, boasting 4 dining options and 2 outdoor pools. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,866 reviews Price fromCAD 167.51per night Check availability The Landmark Bangkok - SHA Extra Plus Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok With the Nana BTS Skytrain Station at its doorstep, The Landmark offers accommodation with Bangkok City views. It boasts 9 dining options and a 4-storey shopping arcade. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 1,974 reviews Price fromCAD 186.01per night Check availability ibis Styles Bangkok Sukhumvit 4 Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok Situated in a vibrant nightlife area of Bangkok, just a 5-minute walk from BTS Nana Skytrain Station, ibis Styles Bangkok Sukhumvit 4 boats an outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and a rooftop bar... Show more 8.4 Very good 2,378 reviews Price fromCAD 83.87per night Check availability See all 1654 hotels in Bangkok Most booked hotels in Bangkok in the past month See all Ascott Embassy Sathorn Bangkok - SHA Plus Certified Hotel in Sathorn, Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 9.0 Superb · 1,400 reviews Oriental Residence Bangkok Hotel in Pathumwan, Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 8.8 Fabulous · 631 reviews Prince Palace Hotel Bangkok - SHA Extra Plus Hotel in Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 7.3 Good · 6,069 reviews Valia Hotel Bangkok Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 8.6 Fabulous · 1,918 reviews Dang Derm In The Park Khaosan Hotel in Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 7.5 Good · 3,120 reviews Nouvo City Hotel Hotel in Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 8.1 Very good · 4,203 reviews Nasa Bangkok - SHA PLUS Certified Hotel in Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 8.0 Very good · 4,610 reviews The Quarter Hualamphong by UHG Hotel in Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 8.1 Very good · 4,540 reviews Pathumwan Princess Hotel - SHA Extra Plus Certified Hotel in Pathumwan, Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 8.7 Fabulous · 4,678 reviews Thana Wisut Hotel - SHA Plus Hotel in Bangkok Popular with guests booking hotels in Bangkok 8.3 Very good · 1,802 reviews Bangkok's best hotels with breakfast See all Avani Plus Riverside Bangkok Hotel Hotel in Thonburi, Bangkok Breakfast options Offering views of the Chao Phraya River, Avani Plus Riverside Bangkok Hotel features rooms with a blend of contemporary and modern styles. Clean and safe! staffs are very helpful and friendly! Avg. price/night: CAD 215.28 9.0 Superb · 1,128 reviews The Okura Prestige Bangkok Hotel in Pathumwan, Bangkok Breakfast options Featured in the Michelin guide 2021 in the 'Top Class Comfort – Business : Grand Luxury' category, The Okura Prestige Bangkok Plus Certified offers stylish rooms with free WiFi and breathtaking views... location and view amazing, nice Japanese restaurant Avg. price/night: CAD 323.61 9.2 Superb · 1,036 reviews Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn Hotel in Sathorn, Bangkok Breakfast options The luxurious Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn is connected to Surasak BTS Skytrain Station via the hotel's own Sky Bridge. The hotel features an outdoor infinity-edge pool. Views from the room. Breakfast really exceptional. Avg. price/night: CAD 262.70 9.3 Superb · 4,657 reviews Sheraton Grande Sukhumvit, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Bangkok Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok Breakfast options Directly connected to Asok BTS Skytrain Station and just steps from Sukhumvit MRT Subway Station, the luxurious Sheraton Grande Sukhumvit offers award-winning restaurants and 24-hour room service. The staff were very friendly, clean very comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 339.92 9.2 Superb · 1,636 reviews Siam Kempinski Hotel Bangkok - SHA Extra Plus Certified Hotel in Pathumwan, Bangkok Breakfast options Luxurious stays await at Siam Kempinski Hotel Bangkok, with multiple pools situated within landscaped grounds. The breakfast was normal and it should be much better Avg. price/night: CAD 600.98 9.4 Superb · 1,513 reviews JW Marriott Hotel Bangkok Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok Breakfast options Comfortably furnished, elegant rooms with smoking room available at JW Marriott Hotel Bangkok, a Marriott Luxury & Lifestyle Hotel, feature a flat-screen TV and soundproof walls. Perfect stay will come back again highly recommended Avg. price/night: CAD 294.60 9.0 Superb · 1,069 reviews INNSiDE by Meliá Bangkok Sukhumvit Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok Breakfast options INNSiDE by Meliá Bangkok Sukhumvit features an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre, a restaurant and bar in Bangkok. This 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. New Hotel, Beautiful Sky Pool and Sky Bar. Well designed architecture. Avg. price/night: CAD 160.27 9.1 Superb · 278 reviews dusitD2 Samyan Bangkok Hotel in Bang Rak, Bangkok Breakfast options Set in Bangkok, 2.4 km from MBK Center, dusitD2 Samyan Bangkok offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Lovely upon entry, staff are very helpful and welcoming Avg. price/night: CAD 163.16 9.2 Superb · 739 reviews Budget hotels in Bangkok See all YANH Ratchawat Hotel Hotel in Dusit, Bangkok Budget Hotel Located in Bangkok, 4.2 km from Wat Saket, YANH Ratchawat Hotel provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Good location, clean, good team, pool and fitness room. Avg. price/night: CAD 84.12 9.0 Superb · 164 reviews karaarom hotel Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok Budget Hotel Located in Bangkok, 1.5 km from Emporium Shopping Mall, karaarom hotel provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Great place, awesome stuff 🙂 would definitely recommend! Avg. price/night: CAD 134.78 9.1 Superb · 417 reviews Ago Hotel Chinatown Hotel in Bangkok Budget Hotel Situated in Bangkok, 3.4 km from Jim Thompson House, Ago Hotel Chinatown features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. Super friendly Lovely rooms Great location Fab breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 107.39 9.1 Superb · 877 reviews ORION Hotel & Residence Bangna Hotel in Bangkok Budget Hotel Situated in Bangkok, 2.8 km from Bangkok International Trade and Exhibition Centre BITEC, ORION Hotel & Residence Bangna features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a... Beautiful comfortable hotel with great swimming pool Avg. price/night: CAD 73.16 9.1 Superb · 558 reviews Nidhra Boutique Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok Budget Hotel Located in Bangkok, 3.7 km from Emporium Shopping Mall, Nidhra Boutique provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. The breakfast and food are nice. People are so kind. Room is clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 87.33 9.0 Superb · 213 reviews Oldthaiheng Hotel Hotel in Bangkok Budget Hotel Set in Bangkok and with Wat Saket reachable within 2.1 km, Oldthaiheng Hotel offers a tour desk, non-smoking rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Really nice hotel, lovely staff and clean, good room! Avg. price/night: CAD 128.04 9.0 Superb · 580 reviews Double Bed Hotel Hotel in Huai Khwang, Bangkok Budget Hotel Located 5.4 km from Central Plaza Ladprao, Double Bed Hotel offers 3-star accommodation in Bangkok and features a shared lounge, a terrace and a restaurant. L'emplacement proche du BTS - Le responsable super gentil Avg. price/night: CAD 46.69 9.3 Superb · 109 reviews Ashley Hotel BKK Hotel in Wattana, Bangkok Budget Hotel Set 2 km from Emporium Shopping Mall, Ashley Hotel BKK offers 4-star accommodation in Bangkok and features an outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Had a very comfortable experience during the stay. Avg. price/night: CAD 86.64 9.2 Superb · 254 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Bangkok See all Siri Ratchadamnoen Bangkok Hotel Hotel in Bangkok Central location Located in Bangkok, 500 metres from Khao San Road, Siri Ratchadamnoen Bangkok Hotel provides accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a shared lounge. Avg. price/night: CAD 103.51 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review Siri Grand Bangkok Hotel Hotel in Bangkok Central location Set in Bangkok, 500 metres from Khao San Road, Siri Grand Bangkok Hotel offers accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a garden. Avg. price/night: CAD 112.13 10.0 Exceptional · 2 reviews Magnolias Ratchadamri Boulevard Serviced Residences Hotel in Pathumwan, Bangkok Central location Set in Bangkok, less than 1 km from Gaysorn Village Shopping Mall, Magnolias Ratchadamri Boulevard Serviced Residences offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a... 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review RoomQuest Bangkok Ratchada Hotel in Huai Khwang, Bangkok Central location Situated in Bangkok, within 5.3 km of Chatuchak Weekend Market and 5.3 km of Central Plaza Ladprao, RoomQuest Bangkok Ratchada features a terrace. ใกล้เซเว่นและmrtสุทธสาร/วินมอเตอร์ไซมาก ของกินเยอะตลอดข้างทาง 9.9 Exceptional · 9 reviews Kasayapi Hotel Hotel in Bangkok Yai, Bangkok Central location Set in Bangkok and with Wat Arun reachable within 1.4 km, Kasayapi Hotel offers a garden, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a terrace. The property was clean, stylish and in a great location. 9.7 Exceptional · 131 reviews Old Capital Bike Inn - SHA Certified Hotel in Bangkok Central location Offering free bike rentals and night bike tour (Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday only), the classic, eclectic Old Capital Bike Inn features rooms that are individually appointed with heirloom furniture and... A sanctuary with a quirky vibe in the chaos of Bangkok Avg. price/night: CAD 154.03 9.5 Exceptional · 434 reviews Chakrabongse Villas Hotel in Bangkok Central location A former royal residence situated by the Chao Phraya River, Chakrabongse Villas offers stunning views of Wat Arun from luxurious Thai-style suites. It features a landscape pool and attentive service. The staff were so welcoming and it is so peaceful. Avg. price/night: CAD 223.73 9.5 Exceptional · 176 reviews 44 Room Rama 3 Hotel in Bangkok Central location Located in Bangkok, 5.7 km from Queen Sirikit National Convention Centre, 44 Room Rama 3 features views of the city. La chambre était propre et bien emménagé, j’ai beaucoup aimé Avg. price/night: CAD 55.25 9.4 Superb · 5 reviews FAQs about hotels in Bangkok How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Bangkok? On average, 3-star hotels in Bangkok cost CAD 52 per night, and 4-star hotels in Bangkok are CAD 98 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Bangkok can on average be found for CAD 242 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Bangkok for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Bangkok this weekend is CAD 70 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 141. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Bangkok for this weekend cost on average around CAD 311 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Bangkok for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 65 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Bangkok for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 108 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Bangkok will cost around CAD 236 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Bangkok are good for families? Many families visiting Bangkok loved staying at Kasayapi Hotel, Siam Kempinski Hotel Bangkok - SHA Extra Plus Certified and Sindhorn Kempinski Hotel Bangkok - SHA Extra Plus Certified. What are the best hotels in Bangkok near Mo Chit Northern Bus Terminal? Some of the best hotels in Bangkok near Mo Chit Northern Bus Terminal include Ease Hostel, Centara Grand at Central Plaza Ladprao Bangkok and TD Bangkok. What are the best hotels in Bangkok near Suvarnabhumi Airport? Travellers who stayed in Bangkok near Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK) have said good things about Novotel Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport, Gate43 Airport Hotel and View Dee BKK Airport Residence. What are the best hotels to stay in Bangkok? Siam Kempinski Hotel Bangkok - SHA Extra Plus Certified, The One Smart Living and Eastin Grand Hotel Sathorn are some of the popular hotels in Bangkok. What hotels in Bangkok offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Bangkok that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Eastin Grand Hotel Phayathai, Chakrabongse Villas and Kasayapi Hotel. What hotels in Bangkok are good for couples? These hotels in Bangkok are highly rated by couples: Kasayapi Hotel, Old Capital Bike Inn - SHA Certified and Siam Kempinski Hotel Bangkok - SHA Extra Plus Certified. What hotels in Bangkok have nice views? Avani Plus Riverside Bangkok Hotel, Mandarin Oriental Bangkok - SHA Extra Plus and Eastin Grand Hotel Phayathai have received great reviews from travellers in Bangkok regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Something for Everyone in Bangkok Bangkok never sleeps, or so you might think as you fly into Suvarnabhumi International Airport. From luxurious mega malls like MBK and Siam Discovery in Siam Square to the famous Khao San Road in the Banglamphu district, this hard working city is packed with commerce, fiery food and soothing temples. Catch a boat up river on the Chao Phraya Express or discover different neighbourhoods on the blissfully air-conditioned BTS Skytrain. A taxi or exhilarating tuk-tuk ride is never far away from the big attractions, which include Chinatown, Jim Thompson House and the floating markets at Damnoen Saduak. To step out of the frenetic energy of street food stalls, amulet markets and the sizzling temperatures, discover an oasis of calm in one of the many Buddhist temples. Be awed by the majesty of the Grand Palace and marvel at the world’s longest reclining Buddha at Wat Pho. While you’re there why not relax even more with a traditional Thai massage? From the sky-scraping luxury hotels with world famous rooftop bars to a cheap hostel bed in the centre of town, Booking.com will help you explore all Bangkok has to offer. Learn more about visiting Bangkok 214 attractions 178 points of interest 47 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Bangkok City trip 90,241 reviews Boating 3,280 reviews Food trip 64,111 reviews Deserts & safari 114 reviews Shopping 30,479 reviews Nightlife 2,958 reviews What guests said about Bangkok: 6.0 Grand Palace is nice but expensive. Grand Palace is nice but expensive. Be aware of scammers at Wat Pho and their connections with Smiling Buddha Temple. Dirty and polluted in comparison with Tokyo, Seoul and Taipei. Eating and getting around by train is convenient and good. Uber is better than taxi. Not a relaxed holiday! Foreigners rip-off at touristy destinations. Much better at Krabi and Chiang Mai and Ayutthaya week-end night market is the best. We visited once and we don't want to go back. Anh Australia 8.0 Bangkok is a big city and has the positives and negatives of... Bangkok is a big city and has the positives and negatives of all mega cities. So much to see and do, but the traffic is a downside. Our Itinerary did not allow us to explore using the underground or sky rail services and that would definitely been worth exploring. Little Australia 4.0 Bangkok is busy , loud and dirty. Bangkok is busy , loud and dirty. That said some may say it’s vibrant , exciting and cheap. It’s no longer as cheap as it was pre Covid . Maybe we were unlucky but standard of massage seems to have declined. The traffic is horrendous and as a result you feel like you are breathing in fumes. I would say as an experience for 2 days whilst in transit it’s worth the experience. Any longer just wasn’t for us . Christopher United Kingdom 10 We like spending time on the little ferries on the river. We like spending time on the little ferries on the river. We use them for transportation but also just for the ride, watching the world go by. It's great to get off the ferry at a random pier and then go for a walk and see real life. The Khao San area is fun. People try to sell you stuff or get you to go into their restaurants but they're not too pushy. But the food in the Khao San area is just okay. We had much better food every where else we went in Thailand. The weekend market at Chattachuck is fantastic. Ian Canada 8.0 I prefer nature to big cities. I prefer nature to big cities. Having said that, there are some nice parks and temples to get respite from the busy, noisy Bangkok environment. It's also possible to get around without getting stuck in the terrible road traffic and car fumes, by using the MRT / Skytrain (Underground / subway) or river boat. Neil Thailand 10 Bangkok is an amazing cit y which I would highly recommend... Bangkok is an amazing cit y which I would highly recommend to anyone who loves travelling. One very very important TIP that I would give to anyone in order to avoid the traffic and spent too much money on transport, either rent a bike by yourself which costs around 300 BAHT per day or use GRAB to travel around the city with bikes. Karlo Bulgaria Explore guest reviews of hotels in Bangkok See all Park Plaza Sukhumvit Bangkok Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok From CAD 113 per night 8.1 Very good 1,763 reviews Second trip here. Started and ended my time in Thailand with stays here and will definitely return. This time I had the standard room (I had the deluxe room before) but, to be honest, the standard room here is like a deluxe room in most hotels I've stayed in. Clean, modern, stylish, good size, good wifi, and - most important of all - comfortable. Great hotel in a very convenient location close to Asoke station, Terminal 21, Soi Cowboy and a host of places to eat and drink. Will stay again next time I'm in Bangkok. Show more Show less Lee United Kingdom 12 The Residence Hotel & Apartment - SHA Hotel in Don Muang, Bangkok From CAD 61 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,563 reviews We had just one night in Bangkok, as the song goes, so we wanted to stay near the airport. We are used to airport hotels being fairly run down and basic; just a place to spend the night. However, this hotel was much nicer than we expected. The staff were very helpful, the room was very comfortable and quiet with a good shower and even a kitchenette. The restaurant served a good menu. Best of all, the neighborhood is walkable, and we spent our half day exploring nearby. Show more Show less Mike United States Millennium Hilton Bangkok Hotel in Bangkok From CAD 249 per night 8.7 Fabulous 3,623 reviews Everything! Fantastic trip. We found the hotel to be leagues ahead of other 5 star hotels we have stayed at I Bangkok - I true step up in every aspect. Meals, service, concierge, spa - all staffed with friendly and knowledgeable staff that went out of their way to make our stay most enjoyable. The 'executive upgrade' which includes breakfast, afternoon tea and evening/sundowner cocktails was definitely worth the fair price to upgrade. Show more Show less Kieran Bryce Hong Kong Greenery Hostel Hotel in Phaya Thai, Bangkok From CAD 31 per night 8.9 Fabulous 497 reviews Enjoyed my stay here!! Great value for the price, much cheaper compared to other hostels and hotels for what you get. Bed felt like a king-size even though the listing said queen size. Staff was nice and helpful. Common area had a lot of games, a swing, books--great for family with children. Area was quiet and had a 'local' feel, near restaurants. It does feel like a peaceful oasis though it's in a centralized location in Bangkok. Show more Show less Uyen United States SQ Boutique Hotel Managed by The Ascott Limited Hotel in Wattana, Bangkok From CAD 116 per night 8.8 Fabulous 670 reviews This location is very close to Terminal 21, a huge mall and great resource to have nearby while traveling. Additionally, the Asok BTS station is at the same corner, and so is the Sukhumvit MRT station, within an easy walk, giving you access to the entire public transit system for Bangkok. Using this as a central location was the best, and the small boutique-ness of the hotels was nice compared to the giant hotel towers nearby. Show more Show less Kevin United States The Quarter Silom by UHG Hotel in Bang Rak, Bangkok From CAD 94 per night 8.5 Very good 2,129 reviews Very comfortable bed Clean Location is good (particularly if you like all male massage parlours) but there's plenty of well located hotels in Bangkok. Proximity to Patpong Market is hardly an asset as this is one of the worst markets we visited in Thailand (obviously not the hotels fault). Sala Daeng BTS 5 mins walk and Silom metro 8 mins. Cut fruit left in fridge after cleaning was a nice touch. Show more Show less Mark United Kingdom 4M Pratunam Hotel Hotel in Ratchathewi, Bangkok From CAD 46 per night 8.2 Very good 524 reviews I like the location of 4m pratu nam hotel. Near to 7E, BTS Phaya Thai station, pratunam market, a lot of massage service shop and some mall. Just walking distance. Also, u can buy some souvenir at hotel. The staffs so helpful. They help me to booking taxi to transfer from hotel to airport. And allowed me to check in early. Will repeat stay here if i go to Bangkok again. Very recommended Show more Show less Siti Nur Amiera Malaysia Sivatel Bangkok Hotel Hotel in Pathumwan, Bangkok From CAD 340 per night 8.9 Fabulous 1,951 reviews All the staff are very friendly and accomodating, we started our stay here for the first part of our trip before travelling to other parts of Thailand across a mix of resorts, private villas and hotels. Sivatel was one of our top 3 stays and if we visit Bangkok in the future we would come back. The rooms are clean and spacious and overall facilities are well maintained. Show more Show less Allientta Australia Cape House Langsuan Hotel Hotel in Pathumwan, Bangkok From CAD 194 per night 8.6 Fabulous 876 reviews This has to be one of the best hotels we have stayed in...location is great, so clean, room was a dream, facilities were excellent, staff were so friendly & helpful always with a Thailand smile. We will definitely stay here again and would recommend the hotel.to anyone mentioning they are going to Bangkok...a great holliday made even better by the perfect hotel. Show more Show less Tracey Australia Waldorf Astoria Bangkok Hotel in Pathumwan, Bangkok From CAD 424 per night 9.1 Superb 276 reviews The suite has one of the largest living room in town. The decoration and ambience are beautiful and grand. The living room will give u 180 degrees view of Bangkok’s central business district, one of the rarest scene to get among most of the hotels in town. The location is close to Central World, Gaysorn Plaza and Paragon. Sky train station is within the walk range. Show more Show less Bongkarn Thailand ibis Styles Bangkok Sukhumvit 4 Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok From CAD 72 per night 8.4 Very good 2,380 reviews This is a hotel I use in Bangkok for short stays. The rooms are very functional and surprisingly spacious, thanks to the brilliant organization of the space. You benefit from the facilities of the adjoining Novotel (pool, rooftop bar, restaurant). The location is close to the Sky train. The rooms are pretty calm and well-equipped. The price is very good. Show more Show less Murat France Dhevi Bangkok Hotel Hotel in Phaya Thai, Bangkok From CAD 83 per night 9.0 Superb 348 reviews Everything was perfect. The hotel it self is designed very beautiful, the lobby amd the rooms are amazing. Each floor has different kind of paintings. The room were big and very clean. Huge bathroom and working refrigerator. Everything needed was there. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Fair prices also. Highly recommended if you are in Bangkok. Show more Show less Michaelg237 Israel Centre Point Sukhumvit 10 - SHA Extra Plus Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok From CAD 134 per night 8.3 Very good 2,381 reviews The rooms were a bit old and tired but still it was a nice suite. Rooms were kept clean and no bugs unlike some other hotels in Thailand Location was good, beside a large park and close to the social areas of Bangkok Staff all friendly The room card had credit on it for vending machines with was a nice touch The shop in the lobby is useful Show more Show less Stephen Ireland Graph Hotel Bangkok Hotel in Huai Khwang, Bangkok From CAD 101 per night 8.1 Very good 54 reviews This is a clean, safe, elegant and affordable hotel. People who want the best nights near Huai Kwang must come to this hotel. The staff is super nice. The theme of the hotel is really fashionable to see. This is one of the best hotels in Bangkok with the reasonable price I've ever seen. Show more Show less Akkhachet Thailand Sakura Sky Residence Hotel in Wattana, Bangkok From CAD 55 per night 8.4 Very good 995 reviews The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel was nearby to metro,buses and train a little far to the airport, but its ok. The staff were friendly,and the service was fantastic, I would book this hotel if I again visit Bangkok. We enjoyed our two night stay ! Show more Show less RANA India Tastoria Collection Sukhumvit - SHA Extra Plus Hotel in Khlong Toei, Bangkok From CAD 212 per night 8.6 Fabulous 580 reviews Excellent pre-arrival communication and front office staff. Professional, helpful and very friendly! The beds are among the best in Bangkok( we’ve experienced most high end 5 star hotels). Crisp and extremely comfortable with high quality linens and pillows. Show more Show less Diana United States Grand Inn Hotel Wattana, Bangkok From CAD 60 per night 6.0 Review score 231 reviews Close to Nana entertainments :) Friendly staff Didn't see cockroaches in room - this is very good for cheap hotels in Bangkok! Starbucks and good pizza place right near the hotel. Arabic shawarma places are not far away. Show more Show less Evgeniy Russia Nasa Bangkok - SHA PLUS Certified Hotel in Bangkok From CAD 34 per night 8.0 Very good 4,611 reviews Stay for 1 night with my officemate. Good hotel near airportlink. Show more Show less Kleonid Philippines Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya, not too far from Bangkok. Hotels in Bangsaen Find more hotels in a city close to Bangsaen. Hotels near Suvarnabhumi Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Don Mueang International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Walking Street Pattaya Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near IMPACT Muang Thong Thani Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Visit Bangkok From attractions to accommodation, everything you need to know about staying in the city. Hotels in Sukhumvit Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Bangkok City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Bangkok Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380,1870380|9,1870380|3,1847760|3,1833870,1871440,1846890,1847760,1866460