The Best Uttar Pradesh Hotels – Where To Stay in and around Uttar Pradesh, India Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Uttar Pradesh, India Enter your dates and choose from 5,214 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home India Uttar Pradesh Check out these popular cities in Uttar Pradesh Agra 408 hotels Varanasi 559 hotels Lucknow 489 hotels Noida 438 hotels Vrindāvan 193 hotels Greater Noida 173 hotels Ghaziabad 205 hotels Mathura 121 hotels Tilsahri 2 hotels Tīkamgarh 1 hotel Prayagraj 2 hotels Sonik 1 hotel Stay in Uttar Pradesh's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates hotel khubsaras palace by chhabra's 2 stars Hotel in Agra Set in Agra, 4.2 km from Agra Cantonment, hotel khubsaras palace by chhabra's offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Warm Welcome at the Hotel. Staff Members are so good. Near to all tourist locations. One of the best hotels I would Recommend who is seeking for a budget hotel. Show more Show less 9 Superb 113 reviews Price from CAD 18 per night Check availability Taj Nice Point Manage by Taj Sunrise Group Hotel in Taj Ganj, Agra Well located in the centre of Agra, Taj Nice Point Manage by Taj Sunrise Group provides air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. nice hotel with good homely food and cooperative staff Show more Show less 9 Superb 205 reviews Price from CAD 49 per night Check availability Best Western Vrindavan 4 stars Hotel in Vrindāvan Set in Vrindāvan, 47 km from Bharatpur Railway Station, Best Western Vrindavan offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking and a restaurant. Staff was very nice.food was delicious Show more Show less 9 Superb 609 reviews Price from CAD 114 per night Check availability Sugar Stars Inn Hotel in Varanasi Set in Varanasi, 3.3 km from Varanasi Junction Railway Station, Sugar Stars Inn offers accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking and a terrace. I must say that this is one of the best hotels I have been in India. It wasvery modern and comfortable but most importantly it was very clean. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. It's close to most areas like eating facility's. It's and very centralized. It also has an amazing restaurant called the panjab truck which sells a small range of food but it's extremely tasty and excellent value for money. I recommend this hotel for family and friends. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 486 reviews Price from CAD 107 per night Check availability Ekaa Villa near Taj Mahal Hotel in Taj Ganj, Agra Conveniently situated in the centre of Agra, Ekaa Villa near Taj Mahal provides air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. Excellent service, behaviour and everything. Worth to stay in this villa. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 172 reviews Price from CAD 138 per night Check availability Comfort Hotel Vista 3 stars Hotel in Lucknow Set in Lucknow, 12 km from Lucknow University, Comfort Hotel Vista offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Calm and decent place. Mr Rohit was very helpful and co-operative. Show more Show less 9 Superb 213 reviews Price from CAD 50 per night Check availability BrijRama Palace, Varanasi - By the Ganges 5 stars Hotel in Varanasi Situated on its own ghat, BrijRama Palace – A Heritage Hotel was built in the 18th Century and is considered as one of the oldest structures in Varanasi. you get to the hotel by boat, which is great as you feel the atmosphere of Ganga River from the start. wonderful location. to get to the city is very easy too, when someone shows you the way. sincerely recommend the hotel to everyone Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 408 reviews Price from CAD 634 per night Check availability The Oberoi Amarvilas Agra 5 stars Hotel in Agra Just 600 metres from the Taj Mahal, The Oberoi Amarvilas Agra boasts luxurious 5-star accommodation with a flat-screen TV. This property houses 4 dining options and provides free parking. The room was magical with a balcony facing Taj Mahal. The staffs are attentive and detailed. They brought surprises for the turndown service in the evening. We can see Taj Mahal with a full moon view through the room window, and enjoy the breakfast with the view of peafowls walking on the performing stage in the morning. This hotel is such a breathtaking place to view Taj Mahal, and it was an unforgettable experience and stay in India. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 608 reviews Price from CAD 730 per night Check availability Trident Agra 5 stars Hotel in Agra Located 1.5 km from Taj Mahal, Trident Agra features an outdoor pool and 24-hour front desk. A business centre, restaurant and bar are available. Some rooms offer garden or pool views. great hotel near Taj. great breakfast and facilities. lots of entertainment for the kids Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 923 reviews Price from CAD 114 per night Check availability Diamond admire hotel and banquets 3 stars Hotel in Noida Situated in Noida, 19 km from Pragati Maidan, Diamond admire hotel and banquets features accommodation with a terrace, free private parking and a restaurant. Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 31 per night Check availability See all 2,085 hotels in Uttar Pradesh Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Uttar Pradesh with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Trident Agra 5 stars Hotel in Agra 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 The Oberoi Amarvilas Agra 5 stars Hotel in Agra 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 BrijRama Palace, Varanasi - By the Ganges 5 stars Hotel in Varanasi 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.3 Comfort Hotel Vista 3 stars Hotel in Lucknow 22 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Ekaa Villa near Taj Mahal Hotel in Taj Ganj, Agra 23 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Sugar Stars Inn Hotel in Varanasi 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Best Western Vrindavan 4 stars Hotel in Vrindāvan 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.3 Taj Nice Point Manage by Taj Sunrise Group Hotel in Taj Ganj, Agra 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.0 hotel khubsaras palace by chhabra's 2 stars Hotel in Agra 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.0 Treebo Trend La Mirage Suite 3 stars Hotel in Noida 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 See all Most booked hotels in Uttar Pradesh in the past month See all Holiday Inn Agra MG Road an IHG Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Sanjay Place, Agra Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 8.2 Very good 1,292 reviews Taj Hotel & Convention Centre, Agra 5 stars Hotel in Agra Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 8.5 Very good 3,234 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Agra 5 stars Hotel in Taj Ganj, Agra Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 8.2 Very good 1,501 reviews Radisson Hotel Agra 5 stars Hotel in Agra Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 7.8 Good 2,559 reviews Fairfield by Marriott Lucknow 4 stars Hotel in Gomti Nagar, Lucknow Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 7.5 Good 1,134 reviews Hotel Kama International 4 stars Hotel in Gorakhpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 7.3 Good 176 reviews Hyatt Regency Lucknow Gomti Nagar 5 stars Hotel in Gomti Nagar, Lucknow Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 7.8 Good 1,180 reviews Radisson Blu Towers Kaushambi Delhi NCR 5 stars Hotel in Ghaziabad Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 7.5 Good 2,067 reviews The Roseman Hotel and Suites 3 stars Hotel in Ghaziabad Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 7.1 Good 1,414 reviews Fairfield by Marriott Agra 4 stars Hotel in Agra Popular with guests booking hotels in Uttar Pradesh 8.3 Very good 102 reviews Uttar Pradesh's best hotels with breakfast See all Treebo Trend La Mirage Suite Hotel in Noida Breakfast options Treebo Trend La Mirage Suite is located in Noida, within 17 km of Swaminarayan Akshardham and 17 km of National Gandhi Museum. Great location, easy to get in and out of the city. The staff was wonderful. Show more Show less From CAD 52 per night 9.3 Superb 9 reviews Treebo Trend Krishna Residency Hotel in Greater Noida Breakfast options Situated within 34 km of Tughlaqabad Fort and 36 km of Humayun's Tomb, Treebo Trend Krishna Residency provides rooms in Greater Noida. The hotel was wonderful. It was even better than expected. The price was amazing. Show more Show less From CAD 51 per night 9.0 Superb 6 reviews Atithi House Hotel in Greater Noida Breakfast options Atithi House is situated in Greater Noida, within 33 km of Swaminarayan Akshardham and 35 km of Tughlaqabad Fort. Very clean, value for money, staff is nice. Show more Show less From CAD 65 per night 9.4 Superb 7 reviews OYO Hotel Maharaja Hotel in Meerut Breakfast options OYO Hotel Maharaja features free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Meerut. The rooms in the hotel are fitted with a TV. Show more Show less From CAD 24 per night 9.1 Superb 12 reviews Flagship Sweet Homes Hotel in Ghaziabad Breakfast options Flagship Sweet Homes offers free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Ghaziabad. Show more Show less From CAD 27 per night 10 Exceptional 5 reviews FabHotel Royal Stay I Hotel in Greater Noida Breakfast options FabHotel Royal Stay I is set in Greater Noida, 32 km from Tughlaqabad Fort and 37 km from Swaminarayan Akshardham. With free WiFi, this 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Very excellent staff and food services also. Show more Show less From CAD 38 per night 9.3 Superb 6 reviews Hotel Darbar-E-Khas A member of Crimson Hotels Hotel in Bareilly Breakfast options Set in Bareilly, 5.9 km from Bareilly Railway Station, Hotel Darbar-E-Khas A member of Crimson Hotels offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. The rooms were spacious and well maintained. The food was excellent. The staff was superb. Show more Show less From CAD 65 per night 9.5 Exceptional 11 reviews Hotel Aakriti Clarks Inn Express Hotel in Bareilly Breakfast options Boasting a restaurant, Hotel Aakriti Clarks Inn Express is situated in Bareilly in the Uttar Pradesh region, 4.3 km from Bareilly Railway Station. Best hotel in this price in bareilly so far. Show more Show less From CAD 45 per night 9.0 Superb 9 reviews Budget hotels in Uttar Pradesh See all MVT Guesthouse & Restaurant Hotel in Vrindāvan Budget Hotel Boasting a garden, terrace, restaurant and free WiFi, MVT Guesthouse & Restaurant is set in Vrindāvan, 47 km from Bharatpur Railway Station and 12 km from Mathura Railway Station. The deluxe room was very clean and neatly arranged, it had even a feeling of luxury (in terms of... Show more Show less From CAD 57 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,035 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Agra Hotel in Taj Ganj, Agra Budget Hotel Offering an outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and a spa and wellness centre, Courtyard Marriott Agra is located in Agra. It also has 4 dining options. A great hotel with very friendly staff. The cleanliness is very good and so was the food. Show more Show less From CAD 80 per night 8.2 Very good 1,501 reviews Holiday Inn Agra MG Road an IHG Hotel Hotel in Sanjay Place, Agra Budget Hotel Holiday Inn Agra MG Road is located in central Agra City, a 20-minute drive from the historic Taj Mahal. It offers a health club and an outdoor pool. Free parking is available. The hotel exceeded our expectations, the staff was very good and did all they could to make our stay... Show more Show less From CAD 68 per night 8.2 Very good 1,292 reviews Fairfield by Marriott Agra Hotel in Agra Budget Hotel Located in Agra, Fairfield by Marriott Agra features a fitness centre, restaurant, bar, and free WiFi throughout the property. I really enjoyed this hotel. It was beautiful, comfortable, very clean, and had delicious food. Show more Show less From CAD 83 per night 8.3 Very good 102 reviews Holiday Inn Lucknow Airport, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Lucknow Budget Hotel Located in Lucknow, 13 km from Lucknow University, Holiday Inn Lucknow Airport, an IHG Hotel provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Newly built hotel. It was very clean and the facilities like gym and swimming pool were all running. Show more Show less From CAD 73 per night 8.0 Very good 161 reviews The Metro Stay By F9 Hotels-Near Sector 18 Metro Station Noida Hotel in Noida Budget Hotel Set within 9.3 km of Swaminarayan Akshardham and 12 km of Humayun's Tomb, The Metro Stay By F9 Hotels-Near Sector 18 Metro Station Noida features rooms in Noida. Awesome staff and cleanliness Show more Show less From CAD 49 per night 8.0 Very good 188 reviews Namaste Benares Varanasi Hotel in Varanasi Budget Hotel 600 metres from Dasaswamedh Ghat, Namaste Benares Varanasi is set in Varanasi and features air-conditioned rooms. The staff at the reception was super nice and helpful. They made our stay perfect. Show more Show less From CAD 37 per night 8.5 Very good 198 reviews Bloom Hotel - Sector 62 Hotel in Noida Budget Hotel Set within 16 km of Pragati Maidan and 17 km of Humayun's Tomb, Bloom Hotel - Sector 62 features rooms in Noida. clean & crisp rooms are the plus point rest all good Show more Show less From CAD 73 per night 8.3 Very good 211 reviews Hotels in Uttar Pradesh that you can book without a credit card See all Hotel Lime Tree Hotel in Mathura No credit card needed Situated in Mathura, 38 km from Bharatpur Railway Station, Hotel Lime Tree features accommodation with a terrace, free private parking and a restaurant. Lovely and amazing hotel. I have been to mathura with family. Show more Show less From CAD 23 per night 10 Exceptional 6 reviews OYO Flagship 8154 Green Golden Guest House Hotel in Morādābād No credit card needed OYO Flagship 8154 Green Golden Guest House offers free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Morādābād. All guest rooms in the hotel are fitted with a TV. Sabse ghatiya quality ka hotel Show more Show less From CAD 11 per night 9.0 Superb 9 reviews OYO Flagship Noida Hotel Hotel in Noida No credit card needed Featuring 3-star accommodation, OYO Flagship Noida Hotel is situated in Noida, 18 km from Swaminarayan Akshardham and 20 km from Tughlaqabad Fort. Show more Show less From CAD 11 per night 10 Exceptional 12 reviews OYO Flagship Siddharth Inn Hotel in Lucknow No credit card needed OYO Flagship Siddharth Inn features free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Lucknow. The service of the staff was very good and helpful. Show more Show less From CAD 10 per night 10 Exceptional 7 reviews OYO Flagship Seema fortune Hotel in Juhi Bari No credit card needed OYO Flagship Seema fortune features free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Juhi Bari. The rooms in the hotel are fitted with a TV. Show more Show less From CAD 16 per night 9.7 Exceptional 26 reviews OYO Flagship 81412 Gayatri Parks Hotel in Bijnor No credit card needed OYO Flagship 81412 Gayatri Parks offers air-conditioned accommodation in Bijnor. This 3-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. The units in the hotel are fitted with a TV.... Show more Show less From CAD 16 per night 10 Exceptional 7 reviews OYO Flagship Hotel Alpine Residency Hotel in Lucknow No credit card needed OYO Flagship Hotel Alpine Residency provides free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Lucknow. Our stay was a true delight. The hotel's central location made it easy to explore the city, and... Show more Show less From CAD 11 per night 10 Exceptional 5 reviews OYO 80869J Diamond Guest House Hotel in Noida No credit card needed 25 km from Swaminarayan Akshardham, OYO 80869J Diamond Guest House is set in Noida and offers air-conditioned rooms. This 3-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. Show more Show less From CAD 27 per night 9.5 Exceptional 19 reviews FAQs about hotels in Uttar Pradesh How much is a hotel in Uttar Pradesh for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Uttar Pradesh this weekend is CAD 25 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 52. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Uttar Pradesh for this weekend cost on average around CAD 172 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels in Uttar Pradesh near Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Uttar Pradesh near Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport (LKO) have said good things about Holiday Inn Lucknow Airport, an IHG Hotel, Hotel BlueArk and FabHotel Blueark. Among the hotels near Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport in Uttar Pradesh, V SQUARE AIRPORT HOTEL, The Piccadily and Super OYO Flagship Mr Crown Inn To Inn have also been highly rated. What hotels in Uttar Pradesh are good for couples? Couples travelling in Uttar Pradesh loved staying at OYO Flagship Krishna Galaxy, OYO Flagship Hotel Alpine Residency and POP New Hotel Hometown. Similarly, these hotels in Uttar Pradesh are highly rated by couples: SPOT ON 81122 Saket Honest Hotel, OYO Flagship 81430A A Square Hotel and Hotel Lime Tree. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Uttar Pradesh? On average, 3-star hotels in Uttar Pradesh cost CAD 47 per night, and 4-star hotels in Uttar Pradesh are CAD 92 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Uttar Pradesh can on average be found for CAD 174 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best cities to stay in Uttar Pradesh? Agra, Varanasi and Lucknow are popular with other travellers visiting Uttar Pradesh. How much is a hotel in Uttar Pradesh for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 25 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Uttar Pradesh for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 56 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Uttar Pradesh will cost around CAD 144 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Uttar Pradesh are good for families? Many families visiting Uttar Pradesh loved staying at Hotel Darbar-E-Khas A member of Crimson Hotels, The Lodgers Boutique Hotel Near India Expo Centre & Mart Greater Noida and OYO Flagship Seema fortune. Similarly, OYO Flagship Prem Hotel, POP 70385 Hotel Metro and OYO Flagship Shine Hotel are also popular among family travellers. What are some popular places to stay in and around Uttar Pradesh? Popular places to stay in Uttar Pradesh include hotels near Taj Mahal, Kashi Vishwanath Temple and Dasaswamedh Ghat. What is the best neighbourhood to stay in Uttar Pradesh? Taj Ganj, Gomti Nagar and Varanasi Cantt are popular with other travellers visiting Uttar Pradesh. What are the best hotels to stay in Uttar Pradesh? The Oberoi Amarvilas Agra, Ekaa Villa near Taj Mahal and Sugar Stars Inn are some of the popular hotels in Uttar Pradesh. In addition to these hotels, BrijRama Palace, Varanasi - By the Ganges, Trident Agra and hotel khubsaras palace by chhabra's are also popular in Uttar Pradesh. What hotels in Uttar Pradesh offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Uttar Pradesh that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Raghuvar Inn, Ekaa Villa near Taj Mahal and Taj Nadesar Palace. Breakfast at these hotels in Uttar Pradesh are also highly rated: The Oberoi Amarvilas Agra, hotel khubsaras palace by chhabra's and Sugar Stars Inn. How many hotels in Uttar Pradesh are listed on Booking.com? There are 4,384 hotels in Uttar Pradesh you can book on Booking.com. What are the best hotels in Uttar Pradesh near Taj Mahal? Some of the best hotels in Uttar Pradesh near Taj Mahal include The Oberoi Amarvilas Agra, Udee's Homestay and The Coral Court Homestay. What hotels in Uttar Pradesh have nice views? HOTEL METRO REGENCY, OYO Flagship Shine Hotel and OYO Flagship 81430A A Square Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Uttar Pradesh regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying in Uttar Pradesh also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at The Oberoi Amarvilas Agra, SPOT ON Abhinandan Hotel And Restaurant and Best Western Vrindavan. Explore guest reviews of hotels in Uttar Pradesh See all Hotel Surya, Kaiser Palace From CAD 93 per night 7.2 Good 803 reviews I like the services and cleanliness Show more Show less Udai Clarks Avadh From CAD 114 per night 6.8 Review score 278 reviews The hotel ambience and the friendly staff. Show more Show less addy Brijwasi Royal From CAD 87 per night 7.0 Good 32 reviews Nice property and facilities and value for money, Location of Property is very good. Show more Show less chetan kothari Savoy Suites Greater Noida From CAD 89 per night 7.2 Good 307 reviews Amazing place, helped us with everything :) Show more Show less גיל Ginger Noida 63 From CAD 62 per night 5.2 Review score 41 reviews Terrible customer service, booked 2 weeks advance but do not have room on that day Show more Show less Yong Zhen Fortune District Centre, Ghaziabad - Member ITC's Hotel Group From CAD 85 per night 7.4 Good 136 reviews Everything was perfect. Checkout was at 4 am. Show more Show less Pandey The Piccadily From CAD 126 per night 8.3 Very good 237 reviews I went two times. The second time was a last minute booking, because originally I was supposed to go to another hotel in Lucknow (Hotel Casa). When I arrive it was extremely dirty (ex. fresh blood stains and hair in my bed, etc). So I decided to leave and go again to Piccadilly in the middle of the night. The hotel was very clean (EUR standards). The staff was extremely friendly and super helpful. They were trying their very best to make our stay superb. For example, we arrive late for breakfast and they allowed us to take it anyways! It was also the day with the worst air quality in the last 30 years in Lucknow, even with an FFP2 we were getting throat pain and red eyes. Inside the hotel the air was very good and I could breath normal, which probably means they have clean AC filters. Due to all that - Next time I am in Lucknow I will for sure go to this hotel Show more Show less crgarcia Grand Mercure Agra - An Accor Brand From CAD 73 per night 8.9 Fabulous 68 reviews Very clean. Very nice. Good location. Huge room. Great view. Very comfortable. Highly recommend. Show more Show less Sonja lebua Lucknow From CAD 111 per night 8.1 Very good 352 reviews Beautiful building in a quiet neighborhood with a great restaurant and rooftop bar. Show more Show less Michael Ganges Grand From CAD 105 per night 7.2 Good 224 reviews Location is the best in Varanasi, very close to everything, ghats, old city. Room was clean, staff very helpful. Show more Show less Marcos Satoru Ginger Lucknow From CAD 54 per night 6.6 Review score 120 reviews Clining is good.Food also good.Stuff also nice. Show more Show less Tapas kumar Hotel Mera Mann From CAD 56 per night 6.7 Review score 12 reviews Very closely located to Hazratganj Metro. Just 3 mins walk to the platform. Show more Show less SYED RIZAUL Radha Krishna Dham From CAD 31 per night 7.7 Good 142 reviews very quiet place with huge garden for guest. accomodation is located in the heart of vrindavan just behind iskcon goshala and few steps (20m) from parikrama road. wifi, hot water, tv, ac, car parking and other facilities are available (tasty meals...) even properly maintained temple room! Show more Show less Bojan Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Uttar Pradesh Get your flight tickets to Uttar Pradesh right here on Booking.com. Hotels in India Set off to explore the whole country. Resorts in Uttar Pradesh Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels near Kashi Vishwanath Temple Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Hotels near Taj Mahal Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Hotels near Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Lal Bahadur Shastri International Airport Find hotels conveniently close to the area's most popular airport – perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Goa Discover another popular destination within India. Hotels in Delhi Discover another popular destination within India. Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440