The Best Lake District Hotels – Where To Stay in and around Lake District, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Lake District, United Kingdom Enter your dates and choose from 4,419 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom Lake District Check out these popular cities in Lake District Windermere 280 hotels Bowness-on-Windermere 136 hotels Keswick 267 hotels Ambleside 243 hotels Barrow in Furness 59 hotels Grasmere 77 hotels Penrith 114 hotels Kendal 91 hotels Grange Over Sands 79 hotels Ulverston 100 hotels Cockermouth 51 hotels Newby Bridge 16 hotels Stay in Lake District's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Buttermere Court Hotel Hotel in Buttermere Located in Buttermere, 1.6 km from Buttermere, Buttermere Court Hotel provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. the location is perfect, amid Buttermere and Crummock lakes. the staff were really helpful. we especially love the breakfast. definitely recommended for people who want to explore Lake District Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,066 reviews Price from CAD 169 per night Check availability Bridge House Hotel & Silver Howe View Cottage Hotel in Grasmere The extensively-refurbished Bridge House Hotel is set in Grasmere, directly across from St Oswalds Church and the graveyard where William Wordsworth rests. The breakfast was amazing. The rooms were fantastic. The location was perfect, right inside the village. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,173 reviews Price from CAD 213 per night Check availability Ambleside Salutation Hotel & Spa, World Hotel Distinctive 4 stars Hotel in Ambleside With a picturesque location in Ambleside, Ambleside Salutation Hotel & Spa World Hotel Distinctive, BW Premier Collection features a modern spa and a brasserie. We liked everything, but mostly the staff service. Each of the staff members seemed to make our stay comfortable and happy by anticipating our needs and solving any little problem we had. The morning breakfast was excellent. The Hotel is situated in a quiet but lovely center, and the entrance is easy (we had some thought when booking because the picture on the website showed many steps leading to the entrance, but when we arrived, we realized that the entrance is on the side and very convenient). Unfortunately, we didn't have time to spend in the spa but we checked it and it seems excellent. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,814 reviews Price from CAD 268 per night Check availability Ravenstone Manor 4 stars Hotel in Keswick A 5-minute drive from Bassenthwaite Lake, Ravenstone Manor is an 19th-century manor house set in 3 hectares of ground. The property is at the foot of Skiddaw, overlooking Bassenthwaite Lake. Everything. Usually stay in Keswick town but decided on a change and so glad we ended up here. The hotel is decorated in perfect style, quite decadent, lovely snug and lounge area to see the views. Walks close by and Keswick ten minutes away by car. The hotel is dog friendly and there were a lot of dogs. Doesn't matter to me but to anyone not that keen the dogs go in the dining areas as I know friends of mine would not stay there for this reason , but a perfect spot for the many dog lovers. Lovely to lay in bed and have a beautiful view 😊my room was smallish but honestly big enough as really, how big does one need? 🤷🏼‍♀️ Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,501 reviews Price from CAD 135 per night Check availability Cumbrian Lodge Hotel in Seascale Located in Seascale, Cumbrian Lodge features a garden, and free WiFi throughout the property. Private parking can be arranged free of charges. At the hotel, all rooms are fitted with a wardrobe. I loved everything about Cumbrian Lodge. The setting, the room, the hosts, the breakfast were all perfect. There’s loads of parking and the WiFi is excellent. Definitely recommended. I’ll be returning soon. Show more Show less 9 Superb 446 reviews Price from CAD 161 per night Check availability The Pheasant Inn Hotel in Grange Over Sands Situated in Grange Over Sands, 26 km from World of Beatrix Potter, The Pheasant Inn features accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. We had the most enjoyable breakfast Served piping hot and was all fresh local produce The staff were very attentive without being intrusive Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 466 reviews Price from CAD 186 per night Check availability Old Kings Head 3 stars Hotel in Broughton in Furness Old Kings Head has a garden, shared lounge, a restaurant and bar in Broughton in Furness. With free WiFi, this 3-star hotel offers an ATM and luggage storage space. Great location, friendly staff, comfortable beds Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 367 reviews Price from CAD 122 per night Check availability The Samling Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Windermere Located near Ambleside, The Samling Hotel has a garden and a terrace. The property features a bar, as well as a restaurant serving British cuisine. A stunning location with perfect gardens surrounding a beautiful building which is perched high up, taking full advantage of the incredible views of the mountains and the lake. The decor is stunning in both the main building and the suites- the food is perfect and the staff are absolutely amazing. impossible to better! Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 145 reviews Price from CAD 666 per night Check availability Escape Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Barrow in Furness Escape Hotel is situated in Barrow in Furness. This 3-star hotel offers free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is located 41 km from World of Beatrix Potter. Cannot fault this place. Excellent stay. The ladies at reception are a huge credit to the business. I will definitely be coming back! Show more Show less 9 Superb 295 reviews Price from CAD 135 per night Check availability West Point House Hotel in Barrow in Furness West Point House in Barrow in Furness provides an accommodation with a garden and a terrace. Located around 5 km from Furness Abbey, the hotel is also 9 km away from Lake Cruises. very nice people🙏🏻 ,everywhere is clean 👍🏻big kitchen have everything I need for cooking baking,beautiful garden,seaside, fresh air…help me so much to relax ,thanks🙏🏻👍🏻 Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 261 reviews Price from CAD 109 per night Check availability See all 3,123 hotels in Lake District Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Lake District with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Ravenstone Manor 4 stars Hotel in Keswick 3 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Storrs Hall Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere 12 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 The Grand at Grasmere 3 stars Hotel in Grasmere 1 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Lindeth Fell Country House 5 stars Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Ambleside Salutation Hotel & Spa, World Hotel Distinctive 4 stars Hotel in Ambleside 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 Linthwaite House Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Windermere Boutique Hotel Spa Suites & Hot Tubs 4 stars Hotel in Windermere 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Bridge House Hotel & Silver Howe View Cottage Hotel in Grasmere 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Buttermere Court Hotel Hotel in Buttermere 12 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 The Pheasant Inn Hotel in Grange Over Sands 12 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 See all Most booked hotels in Lake District in the past month See all North Lakes Hotel and Spa 4 stars Hotel in Penrith Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 8.2 Very good 1,325 reviews The Derwentwater Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Keswick Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 6.5 Review score 3,615 reviews The Inn At Grasmere 4 stars Hotel in Grasmere Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 8.3 Very good 2,655 reviews Lakes Hotel & Spa 5 stars Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 8.9 Fabulous 5,092 reviews Windermere Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Windermere Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 6.5 Review score 2,603 reviews Windermere Manor Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Windermere Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 7.4 Good 3,342 reviews Days Inn Kendal - Killington Lake 3 stars Hotel in Kendal Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 7.2 Good 2,258 reviews The Ro Hotel Windermere 4 stars Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 7.9 Good 3,725 reviews The Fisherbeck 4 stars Hotel in Ambleside Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 8.4 Very good 2,700 reviews The Swan Hotel and Spa 4 stars Hotel in Newby Bridge Popular with guests booking hotels in Lake District 8.3 Very good 2,010 reviews Lake District's best hotels with breakfast See all The Queen's Head Hotel Hotel in Troutbeck Breakfast options This 17th-century Elizabethan inn has a peaceful location in the Troutbeck Valley, with weaving footpaths that link the nearby ancient hamlets. Traditional meets Modern styling, lovely food and great service. Show more Show less From CAD 244 per night 9.3 Superb 427 reviews Linthwaite House Hotel Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere Breakfast options Linthwaite House is situated on a hilltop overlooking Windermere, making it the perfect base from which to explore the scenic surroundings. Rooms, location, Interior, Artistic hotel Show more Show less From CAD 423 per night 9.2 Superb 791 reviews Lindeth Fell Country House Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere Breakfast options Overlooking Lake Windermere, Lindeth Fell offers impressive views and free parking, just 5 minutes from Windermere Ferry Crossing. Beautiful rooms. Fabulous location. Many little thoughtful amenities. Entire B&B is beautiful. Show more Show less From CAD 201 per night 9.4 Superb 417 reviews Borrowdale Gates Hotel Hotel in Keswick Breakfast options Set in 2 acres of tranquil wooded gardens. The charming rooms have TVs and tea and coffee facilities, and many have breathtaking views of the valley and fells. modern clean interior, fabulous gardens with Red Squirrels. spacious bedroom with a balcony Show more Show less From CAD 162 per night 9.1 Superb 405 reviews Sella Park Country House Hotel Hotel in Seascale Breakfast options Sella Park Country house hotel has recently undergone a full refurbishment of our public areas making it even more relaxing and now has a modern luxurious feel - we cant wait to welcome you This... Great location, staff were accommodating and friendly. Close to where I needed to go as well. Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 9.0 Superb 124 reviews Storrs Hall Hotel Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere Breakfast options Surrounded by the natural beauty of the Lake District, this 4-star hotel is set in 17 acres of grounds on the shores of Lake Windermere. Its award-winning Terrace Restaurant boasts picturesque views. The spacious rooms and bathrooms that seem to be recently renovated, magnificent view from the... Show more Show less From CAD 265 per night 9.3 Superb 306 reviews The Cranleigh Boutique Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere Breakfast options Expect the unexpected in this new concept guest house, just 1 minute's walk from Lake Windermere and its beautiful bustling village of Bowness-on-Windermere, the heart of the English Lake District. Everything,staff were amazing 😍 Show more Show less From CAD 262 per night 9.0 Superb 220 reviews Lyzzick Hall Hotel Hotel in Keswick Breakfast options Situated on the beautiful lower slopes of Skiddaw, Lyzzick Hall Hotel offers impressive mountain views and an on-site restaurant with extensive wine cellar. We loved the location. nice and quiet, beautiful views, relaxed atmosphere, very close to town. Show more Show less From CAD 256 per night 9.2 Superb 427 reviews Budget hotels in Lake District See all Holiday Inn Express - Barrow-in-Furness & South Lakes, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Barrow in Furness Budget Hotel Set in Barrow in Furness and with Furness Abbey reachable within 5 km, Holiday Inn Express - Barrow-in-Furness offers express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi... perfect location. wonderful staff who go out of their way for you and make you feel special. Show more Show less From CAD 131 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,629 reviews The Furness Railway Wetherspoon Hotel in Barrow in Furness Budget Hotel Set in Barrow in Furness and within 41 km of World of Beatrix Potter, The Furness Railway Wetherspoon has a bar, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. Fabulous front end staff Good food in pub Show more Show less From CAD 107 per night 8.9 Fabulous 2,263 reviews Seacote Hotel Hotel in St Bees Budget Hotel Right on the seafront in St Bees on the West Cumbrian Coast, Seacote Hotel features stunning sea views and a garden, just 6 miles from the Lake District National Park. Good hotel room, and location Show more Show less From CAD 111 per night 8.3 Very good 3,016 reviews The Lodge In The Vale Hotel in Thirlmere Budget Hotel This hotel is situated within the heart of the beautiful Lake District, overlooked by the impressive fells and mountains. It offers stylish, modern rooms and an all-day coffee shop. Located in great area and staff friendly and attentive Show more Show less From CAD 102 per night 8.2 Very good 1,513 reviews The Duke of Edinburgh Hotel & Bar Hotel in Barrow in Furness Budget Hotel Just 3 minutes’ walk from Barrow town centre, the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel offers free Wi-Fi, free parking and a traditional on-site restaurant and bar. The restaurant and bar are such an asset in this beautiful building. Show more Show less From CAD 108 per night 8.5 Very good 1,476 reviews George Hotel Hotel in Keswick Budget Hotel Situated in Keswick and within 2.8 km of Derwentwater, George Hotel has a bar, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. Excellent owner & Staff. Had a problem with the cold water when we arrived. Show more Show less From CAD 131 per night 8.2 Very good 660 reviews Stanley Arms Hotel Hotel in Seascale Budget Hotel Stanley Arms Hotel features a garden, shared lounge, a restaurant and bar in Seascale. The property is around 13 km from Wasdale, 14 km from Muncaster Castle and 19 km from Scafell Pike. Very welcoming, easy parking and excellent meal at night (1 vegetarian) Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 8.0 Very good 304 reviews The Chetwynde Hotel Hotel in Barrow in Furness Budget Hotel Located in Barrow in Furness, a 12-minute walk from Furness Abbey, The Chetwynde Hotel is a hotel that features a garden and bar. helpful staffs. I think my room is upgraded to a queen bed, not a single bed so it was very good... Show more Show less From CAD 120 per night 8.1 Very good 843 reviews Hotels in Lake District that you can book without a credit card See all Escape Hotel Hotel in Barrow in Furness No credit card needed Escape Hotel is situated in Barrow in Furness. This 3-star hotel offers free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is located 41 km from World of Beatrix Potter. Cannot fault this place. Excellent stay. The ladies at reception are a huge credit to the business. Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 9.0 Superb 295 reviews West Point House Hotel in Barrow in Furness No credit card needed West Point House in Barrow in Furness provides an accommodation with a garden and a terrace. Located around 5 km from Furness Abbey, the hotel is also 9 km away from Lake Cruises. very nice people🙏🏻 ,everywhere is clean 👍🏻big kitchen have everything I need for cooking... Show more Show less From CAD 109 per night 9.1 Superb 261 reviews Royal Oak Hotel Hotel in Rosthwaite No credit card needed When you think of the Lake District, spectacular fells, picturesque lakes and stunning scenery comes to mind. Great service, very clean and comfortable. Very high standard. Fantastic breakfast. Show more Show less From CAD 171 per night 9.1 Superb 521 reviews Highfield Hotel in Keswick No credit card needed Highfield features great lake and mountain views and its own private car park. The beautiful rooms have en suite bathrooms and tea/coffee making facilities. Warm welcome, excellent breakfast, ample parking. Great location. The honesty bar was a winner. Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 9.1 Superb 944 reviews The Grand at Grasmere Hotel in Grasmere No credit card needed Situated in a quiet corner of Grasmere, this family-run country house hotel offers a modern British restaurant, Cafe Grand At Grasmere. Recently renovated, relaxing and comfortable. Ideal position with great views Show more Show less From CAD 322 per night 9.0 Superb 100 reviews Rothay Manor Hotel Hotel in Ambleside No credit card needed In the heart of the Lake District, this luxury country house hotel offers a 3 AA rosette restaurant, free Wi-Fi and award-winning breakfasts. Lake Windermere is only 400 metres away. We stayed for 12 nights and it was a home away from home. Show more Show less From CAD 342 per night 9.0 Superb 339 reviews The Capsule in Keswick Hotel in Keswick No credit card needed Situated in Keswick, within 4.2 km of Derwentwater and 16 km of Buttermere, The Capsule in Keswick features accommodation with a garden and free WiFi throughout the property as well as free private... Exceptionally clean. Friendly hosts. Convenient location Show more Show less From CAD 126 per night 9.0 Superb 16 reviews The Grasmere Hotel Hotel in Grasmere No credit card needed Situated in Grasmere, 16 km from World of Beatrix Potter, The Grasmere Hotel features accommodation with a garden, free private parking and a restaurant. Fantastic all round. Staff were amazing, food great, room perfect Show more Show less From CAD 216 per night 9.5 Exceptional 31 reviews Lake District highlights Abbot Hall Art Gallery In the town of Kendal, this 18th-century villa houses a collection of contemporary and historic art. Wordsworth House This 18th-century Georgian townhouse was the childhood home of the famous poet William Wordsworth. Beatrix Potter House - Hill Top Local children's author Beatrix Potter lived in this 17th-century farmhouse, and took inspiration for her stories from the surrounding countryside. Go Ape Whinlatter Forest Park Experience thrilling outdoor activities such as forest segway rides and tree-top walks. Windermere Lake Cruises Those wanting to enjoy lakeland views from a different angle should try a steamboat cruise across England's largest lake. Scafell Pike With far-reaching views out over the Irish Sea, Scafell Pike is the highest mountain in England. The Lakes Aquarium On the shores of Windermere, the aquarium has live displays and a variety of freshwater and salt water aquatic species. Ravenglass & Eskdale Steam Railway This authentic steam locomotive makes a 7-mile journey along the Cumbrian coastline. Honister Slate Mine Perched at the highest point of the dramatic Honister mountain pass, this is England's last working slate mine. FAQs about hotels in Lake District What hotels in Lake District have nice views? Forest Side Hotel, The Grand at Grasmere and Buttermere Court Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Lake District regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying in Lake District also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Borrowdale Gates Hotel, Mason's Arms and The Samling Hotel. What are the best hotels in Lake District near Lake Windermere? Some of the best hotels in Lake District near Lake Windermere include The Den - The White House Windermere, New Hall Bank and Edge Mere Apartment, Bowness-on-Windermere. What hotels in Lake District offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Lake District that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Punch Bowl Inn, 1692 Wasdale and Forest Side Hotel. Breakfast at these hotels in Lake District are also highly rated: Windermere Boutique Hotel Spa Suites & Hot Tubs, The Pheasant Inn and Georgian House Hotel. What hotels in Lake District are good for couples? Couples travelling in Lake District loved staying at 1692 Wasdale, Church Suites by The Cranleigh Boutique and Windermere Boutique Hotel Spa Suites & Hot Tubs. Similarly, these hotels in Lake District are highly rated by couples: The Samling Hotel, Forest Side Hotel and Moresby Hall Country House Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Lake District? Ambleside Salutation Hotel & Spa, World Hotel Distinctive, Buttermere Court Hotel and Ravenstone Manor are some of the popular hotels in Lake District. In addition to these hotels, Bridge House Hotel & Silver Howe View Cottage, The Samling Hotel and Windermere Boutique Hotel Spa Suites & Hot Tubs are also popular in Lake District. How much is a hotel in Lake District for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 169 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Lake District for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 216 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Lake District will cost around CAD 320 (based on Booking.com prices). How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Lake District? On average, 3-star hotels in Lake District cost CAD 198 per night, and 4-star hotels in Lake District are CAD 255 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Lake District can on average be found for CAD 453 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How many hotels in Lake District are listed on Booking.com? There are 2,405 hotels in Lake District you can book on Booking.com. Which hotels in Lake District are good for families? Many families visiting Lake District loved staying at The Grasmere Hotel, Windermere Boutique Hotel Spa Suites & Hot Tubs and Hazel Bank Country House Borrowdale Valley. Similarly, The Pheasant Inn, The Punch Bowl Inn and Lindeth Fell Country House are also popular among family travellers. How much is a hotel in Lake District for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Lake District this weekend is CAD 275 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 371. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Lake District for this weekend cost on average around CAD 712 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best cities to stay in Lake District? Keswick, Bowness-on-Windermere and Windermere are popular with other travellers visiting Lake District. What are some popular places to stay in and around Lake District? Popular places to stay in Lake District include hotels near Lake Windermere, Scafell Pike and Muncaster Castle. Poetic Artistry at its Best The inspiration behind many a poet, the serene Lake District has majestic peaks and glorious lakes that form the UK’s largest and most visited national park. A particular favourite of Wordsworth, Windermere is England’s longest lake and her waters are still plied by historic boats. With a range of luxury Lake District hotels and a Beatrix Potter Museum, the town is connected by cable-operated car ferry to a spot close to Near Sawrey where Miss Potter once lived. Near the lake’s northern tip is popular Ambleside, home of the Stock Ghyll Force waterfall. A road goes north from here past picturesque Grasmere and Thirlmere lake to Keswick. Set by Derwent Water, this pretty town is overlooked by Skiddaw, while Scafell Pike – England’s highest mountain – is to its south-west. Bassenthwaite lake is north-west, and Glenridding to the east is on the shores of the popular sailing spot of Ullswater, watched over by Helvellyn. In the Southern Lakes, Coniston is a small village by a lake offering watersports. South-west is the port town of Barrow-in-Furness, and also by the sea is Grange-over-Sands with its long promenade. Kendal is known for its tasty mint cake and has a museum of Lakeland life, as well as a good range of Lake District hotels with pools on Booking.com. Explore guest reviews of hotels in Lake District See all The Pooley Bridge Inn Pooley Bridge From CAD 134 per night 8.9 Fabulous 1,061 reviews Brilliant Location for striking out to the rest of the Lake District with plenty to see and do in the village. Comfortable rooms some with a balcony, these premises have had a superb major overhaul since our last stay pre-covid which was tasteful and in keeping with the original building. The food was tasty and plentiful with a fantastic breakfast we cannot wait to return we were made to feel special by all the staff in a relaxing atmosphere nothing was too much trouble. Bonus - this Hotel is pet friendly with great walks to the nearby Lake. Show more Show less Richard United Kingdom The Wordsworth Hotel Hotel in Grasmere From CAD 186 per night 8.4 Very good 1,392 reviews Lovely Grasmere stay at the Wordsworth Hotel, amazing landscape of Lake District, walking tracks, few steps away was the grave of famous English poet William Wordsworth and Daffodil Garden, cosy, comfortable, airy, clean room with all facilities, although I had dinner outside in the town, hotel had good menu and multiple choice of food selection, good breakfast with vegan option, very near to other attractions like Ambleside of Lake Windermere, free on-site car park, loved the property, will definitely come and stay there again. Show more Show less Umair Aleem Ireland Lindeth Fell Country House Hotel in Bowness-on-Windermere From CAD 201 per night 9.4 Superb 417 reviews The staff and owners all consistently went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable, as well as to help with directions and/or recommendations for walks and restaurants in the Lake District. The breakfast was delicious and healthy, with a variety of choices, and we received very pleasant service from all involved. The hotel building was quaint and beautifully appointed and the large garden was absolutely lovely. A bonus was meeting Alfie and Rosie, the adorable and affectionate resident Border Terriers! Show more Show less Susan Canada The Derby Arms Grange Over Sands From CAD 146 per night 8.6 Fabulous 909 reviews If you want a relaxed getaway away from the crowds of the Lakes District but with easy driving access to all the Lake District offfers the 1700 Derby Hotel is the place for you. Such a lovely atmosphere to come back to at the end of the day for a drink that you can sit outside with and then order a yummy dinner in the dining room or delicious stoned cooked pizza cooked and served in the beer garden. The rooms are clean, with a clean modern bathroom , great bed and charmingly decorated as is the whole hotel. Show more Show less Marcel & Paula Australia Waterview Deluxe Apartments Barrow in Furness From CAD 145 per night 8.2 Very good 542 reviews Apartment was in central location, easily accessible to city center, Morrison shop & petrol and all the above was its was easy to commute. If you're looking for a nearby by place to stay from lake district then this is the place to be. 30 mins drive to lake district and reasonable cost for a night stay. I stayed with my family of 4 and the rooms are more than enough for the family. Rooms were clean and neat. Staffs are very friendly. Definitely recommend this apartment for 1-3 days stay. Show more Show less Giridharan United Kingdom Royal Oak at Keswick Hotel in Keswick From CAD 178 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,368 reviews Had two nights here as a base for a lake District mini-break. Great location, right in the middle of town (not too noisy) meaning everything you could possibly want is close by. The room was small but very clean and tidy. The service was first class, and the meals we ate there: two breakfasts and one dinner, were superb. Absolutely no complaints, and we will definitely plan to return here for future lake District stops. Note - we took our dog, and the hotel had no problem with this. Show more Show less Bob United Kingdom Waverley Hotel Hotel in Workington From CAD 82 per night 7.6 Good 710 reviews We had a lovely stay at Waverley Hotel, Workington. The hotel was very clean, the staff were all very friendly it felt like a family. The food is all home cooked, fresh and was amazing. Everyone made us feel very welcome. Decor a little tired and in need of a refurb which they are starting to work through, started the dinning /function room the day we left, good luck with that. It is a very good base for exploring Cumbria and the Lake District. Thank you for a very enjoyable stay. Show more Show less Annonymous United Kingdom The Little Inn at Grasmere Hotel in Grasmere From CAD 196 per night 8.6 Fabulous 732 reviews We really couldn't say enough about the Little Inn... Beautifully situated in one of the most Picturesque places in the Lake District, the Village of Grasmere... Extremely Comfortable Room ( Beds 🛌 😌) Lovely Staff, very polite and Friendly, Helpful...Explained how the Breakfast sitting worked, As for the Evening Meal..it was Just Sublime... perfectly 🥰 Cooked, Great presentation.. A very Warm Ambience, in the whole Hotel.... ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Thank you Everyone at the Little inn..... Show more Show less Russell United Kingdom Newby Bridge Hotel Hotel in Newby Bridge From CAD 124 per night 7.6 Good 1,394 reviews My friends and I recently had a short break and chose to stay at Newby Bridge Hotel, located conveniently close to the Lake District. Prior to our arrival, we emailed the hotel to inform them that we would be checking in late. We were pleased to find that they had left a note with a letter and keys at the front desk, making it easy for us to check-in upon our arrival from London.We had booked one of the larger rooms available for three adults through the Booking.com website. Show more Show less TAFHIM United Kingdom No. 5 The Court-with FREE parking Windermere From CAD 195 per night 9.6 Exceptional 29 reviews This apartment is very tastefully done up, and is also newly renovated with appliances. But the real luxury is the way the host has anticipated your every need and ensured you do not lack for anything, from minor details like salt and cooking oil and coffee pods in the kitchen to major things. His guide to Windermere and the lake District is a treasure and by itself is worth making the booking for. This is the intelligent person's place of stay in the lake district! Show more Show less Samir India Scandic Apartment Ulverston From CAD 169 per night 9.1 Superb 91 reviews My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Scandic Apartments. It looked beautiful on the photos and it was even better when we arrived. The apartment was lovely and clean with great cooking facilities. The living area was a really good size which was great for nights when we just fancied staying in. The location was perfect for going on country walks and bike rides. I would absolutely recommend this apartment to any couples wanting a mini break in the Lake District. Show more Show less Deborah United Kingdom Bridge House Hotel & Silver Howe View Cottage Hotel in Grasmere From CAD 213 per night 9.0 Superb 1,173 reviews Excellent location for exploring the Lake District. Room was wonderful, right on the beautiful river- we had herons outside our window every morning; great walks accessible a few yards from the hotel door; the staff was fantastic; room and hotel had everything we needed; breakfast was great; easy onsite parking. Highly recommend and only wish we could’ve stayed longer!! PS have dinner at the Jumble Room in Grasmere if you can- it was fabulous! Show more Show less Barri United States Red Rose Cottage Cockermouth From CAD 273 per night 9.1 Superb 74 reviews Apartment was comfortable well equipped and tastefully restored. The owners very friendly and obliging allowing us to store our bikes at their locked garage. Accompanies by my wife, brother and his wife enjoyed cycling the first parts of the C2C and found Cockermouth and Silloth enchanting places to visit away from the hustle of the main Lake District tourist centres. The nearby lakes wildlife centre near Bassenthwaite is well worth a visit. Show more Show less b15brn United Kingdom Dovenby Apartment- great base for exploring Lake District Cockermouth From CAD 231 per night 9.7 Exceptional 136 reviews The Dovenby Apartment was unique in every way! Very nicely decorated, comfortable, clean and equipped with everything you need to feel at home. A delicious homemade cake was waiting for me in the kitchen :)) Vanessa is the best hostess I've ever met:)) She is very helpful, empathetic, and sympathetic, and knowledgeable about the beautiful Lake District area. Vanessa, thank you for an unforgettable stay.! Show more Show less Ewa United Kingdom Dale Head Hall Lakeside Hotel Hotel in Keswick From CAD 186 per night 7.8 Good 445 reviews A morning walk along the tranquil lake just outside the hotel is the quintessential Lake District experience! That along is enough reason to stay here. Staff were friendly, breakfast was professional and well-presented. Mobile reception was limited given the location but in our experience WiFi was fine for messaging/light browsing. Show more Show less Ted Long-Tat United Kingdom The Chetwynde Hotel Hotel in Barrow in Furness From CAD 120 per night 8.1 Very good 843 reviews Nice QUIET Hotel on the road out of Barrow in Furness a mile or so from the town centre. Free parking in large carpark. Nice large room and bathroom (we were offered a FREE room upgrade which a lovely surprise). Handy for the Furness Peninsula and Lake District National Park. A short walk from the Furness Abbey ancient monument. Show more Show less Philm5d United Kingdom Westcliff Seascale From CAD 94 per night 9.3 Superb 276 reviews Excellent location, lovely and peaceful hotel with a friendly and helpful hostess. Clean and spacious room, great breakfast, lovely view of the mountains of the lake district from my room. Parking at rear of building. The beach is opposite the Hotel and made for a fab walk in the evening. I will definitely go back someday! Show more Show less MusicbyMrcorbett United Kingdom The Apartments Coniston Coniston From CAD 172 per night 9.6 Exceptional 370 reviews Could not have picked a better place to stay for our short break in the Lake District. Both Angela and Steve could not have been more helpful, they are obviously very passionate about making sure their guests are catered for. When we are next in the area, we will be staying at The Apartments in Coniston. Show more Show less Michael United Kingdom The Daffodil Hotel & Spa Hotel in Grasmere From CAD 256 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,402 reviews My stay at the Daffodil Hotel was excellent. I have stayed at the hotel on a previous visit, and it exceeded my expectations on this last occasion. The restaurant was very well organized and the food was excellent. Will definitely at the daffodil on my next visit to the Lake District. Show more Show less John United States The Riverside Hotel in Kendal From CAD 192 per night 8.1 Very good 1,674 reviews Hotel is clean and tidy all staff we're friendly and helpful, secure undercover parking ideal for us as on motorbikes, breakfast good ,it centrally located in kendal by river easy walk into restaurants bars and shops, ideal base to explore the lake district. Show more Show less David United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Scotland Hit the road and make the most of your trip by discovering another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels in England Discover another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels in the United Kingdom Set off to explore the whole country. When to visit the United Kingdom Events, prices, the weather and more. Hotels near Scafell Pike Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Hotels near Lake Windermere Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Pet-Friendly Hotels in Lake District Still looking for the perfect place to stay? Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. B&Bs in Lake District Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440