The Best Jersey Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Jersey, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Jersey, United Kingdom Enter your dates and choose from 68 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom Jersey Check out these popular cities on Jersey Saint Helier Jersey 44 hotels St Brelade 13 hotels Saint Aubin 10 hotels La Villaise 1 hotel Saint Peters 1 hotel Rozel 1 hotel Gorey 5 hotels Bel Royal 1 hotel St Lawrence 2 hotels St. Saviour 2 hotels Grouville 2 hotels Trinity 2 hotels Stay in Jersey's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Atlantic Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Brelade Overlooking St Ouen’s Bay and its own 10 acres of private grounds, The Atlantic Hotel offers 4-star accommodation in sophisticated surroundings. stunning location. lovely room. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 611 reviews Price from CAD 212 per night Check availability La Haule Manor 5 stars Hotel in Saint Aubin Situated in Saint Aubin, 100 metres from St Aubin’s Bay Beach, La Haule Manor features accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. From start to finish our whole stay was just amazing. Cannot wait to return Show more Show less 9 Superb 331 reviews Price from CAD 198 per night Check availability Longueville Manor 5 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Just outside St Helier, this 14th-century manor house features a 3 AA-Rosette restaurant, an outdoor pool with al fresco dining and a casual cocktail bar. The staff were exceptional. Nothing was too much for them. The hotel is very comfortable, quiet and relaxing. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 287 reviews Price from CAD 512 per night Check availability St Brelade's Bay Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Brelade On the sea front, overlooking an idyllic beach and set within 5 acres of award-winning gardens, this luxuriously refurbished, 19th-century Jersey hotel offers fantastic sea views, a restaurant, and a... Loved this place! The staff were all wonderful and always helpful! Beautiful! Show more Show less 9 Superb 441 reviews Price from CAD 171 per night Check availability L’Horizon Beach Hotel & Spa 4 stars Hotel in St Brelade L'Horizon Beach Hotel & Spa overlooks Jersey's most scenic bay, just a 5-minute drive from Jersey Airport. Guests can enjoy an indoor heated salt-water swimming pool and a spa. Everything in this hotel is super. Good room with comfortable beds and amazing views of the surroundings. Super clean and excellent service (water, cookies, coffee, thee etc). The best breakfast ever with continental as well as cooked options. The best croissants you will ever taste. Unbelievably friendly and efficient staff. Restaurant food is very high quality. Hotel is on the beach and surrounded by excellent other dining places. We will be back for sure! Show more Show less 9 Superb 711 reviews Price from CAD 215 per night Check availability Greenhills Country Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Saint Peters Greenhills Country Hotel has a peaceful setting in the heart of the green lanes of St. Peter and offers an outdoor heated pool and pretty, colourful gardens. Just a gorgeous hotel and wonderful staff. Show more Show less 9 Superb 209 reviews Price from CAD 216 per night Check availability Hotel La Place 4 stars Hotel in Saint Aubin This restored 17th-century farmhouse provides peaceful guestrooms in rural Jersey. Set 1 mile from St. Aubin’s harbour, it has an outdoor pool. Staff were all lovely, polite and so helpful. Hotel was just gorgeous in every way. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 560 reviews Price from CAD 275 per night Check availability Hotel Savoy 4 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Originally a 19th-century manor house, Hotel Savoy has a gym, a seasonal swimming pool, Restaurant 1840, Jazz Bar and deck. Lost my phone while in a rush to the airport and the staff was very helpful and got it back on my return. They even called when they found it. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 2,621 reviews Price from CAD 106 per night Check availability Grand Jersey Hotel and Spa 5 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey With views of St Aubin's Bay and Elizabeth Castle, the luxurious 5 star Grand Jersey Hotel and Spa is one minute from golden beaches. Very posh and excellent value for the price we paid. Room 228 is small, but we were out sight seeing every day so the size was never an issue. Staff were exceptional. Paul the concierge welcomed us on arrival, handled our bags and showed us our room. He went through the emergency evacuation procedures thoroughly. I have never had hotel staff do that. The Whitley Neil rhubarb and ginger gin and tonic is the best gin and tonic I have ever had! Breakfasts were impeccable. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 1,187 reviews Price from CAD 177 per night Check availability The Royal Yacht 4 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Well-placed in central St Helier, The Royal Yacht offers stylish rooms with free Wi-Fi, 2 restaurants and a brasserie cafe. On-site Spa Sirene includes a pool, steam room and beauty treatments. Liked everything thank you 😊 Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 1,683 reviews Price from CAD 166 per night Check availability See all 90 hotels on Jersey Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Jersey with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Hotel de France 4 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.1 Radisson Blu Waterfront Hotel, Jersey 4 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.9 Hotel La Place 4 stars Hotel in Saint Aubin 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Greenhills Country Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Saint Peters 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 L’Horizon Beach Hotel & Spa 4 stars Hotel in St Brelade 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 St Brelade's Bay Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Brelade 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.3 Grand Jersey Hotel and Spa 5 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Longueville Manor 5 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 La Haule Manor 5 stars Hotel in Saint Aubin 9 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 The Atlantic Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Brelade 20 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 See all Most booked hotels on Jersey in the past month See all Hotel de France 4 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 8.4 Very good 1,156 reviews Radisson Blu Waterfront Hotel, Jersey 4 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 8.4 Very good 1,738 reviews The Royal Yacht 4 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 8.3 Very good 1,683 reviews Somerville Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Saint Aubin Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 8.8 Fabulous 805 reviews St Brelade's Bay Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Brelade Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 9.0 Superb 441 reviews Grand Jersey Hotel and Spa 5 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 8.8 Fabulous 1,187 reviews Hotel Savoy 4 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 8.2 Very good 2,621 reviews The Club Hotel & Spa Jersey 5 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 8.2 Very good 357 reviews Pomme d'Or Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 8.7 Fabulous 490 reviews Hotel De Normandie 3 stars Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Popular with guests booking hotels on Jersey 7.7 Good 3,052 reviews Jersey's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Ambassadeur Hotel in St Clements Breakfast options Featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a restaurant, Hotel Ambassadeur is located less than 2 miles from Saint Helier Jersey. Free Parking, Generous Breakfast, Superb View (Sea View), Large Room Show more Show less From CAD 131 per night 8.0 Very good 577 reviews Old Court House Inn Hotel in Saint Aubin Breakfast options On the harbour at St Aubin, the Old Court House Inn provides luxurious rooms and a restaurant and bar on Jersey’s southern coast. The room, location and breakfast were excellent. Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 8.9 Fabulous 546 reviews Ommaroo Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Breakfast options Facing the sea on the Havre des Pas seafront, the Ommaroo Hotel provides individually decorated rooms and beautiful views of the sea and rocky reef. Everything, great location, friendly staff would highly recommend Show more Show less From CAD 140 per night 8.3 Very good 648 reviews Pomme d'Or Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Breakfast options Overlooking Liberation Square and the yacht marina, the 4-star Pomme d'Or is located in the heart of Jersey. Guests can enjoy elegant rooms and free access to the nearby Aquadome Leisure Centre. its a perfect location and I missed the breakfast so can't tell much. The room is great. Show more Show less From CAD 129 per night 8.7 Fabulous 490 reviews The Club Hotel & Spa Jersey Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Breakfast options Located just 640 metres from the beach, The Club Hotel & Spa Jersey features free super fast WiFi. Staff, location, everything! I had a great time at this little hidden gem. Show more Show less From CAD 188 per night 8.2 Very good 357 reviews Best Western Royal Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Breakfast options The Best Western Royal Hotel has a restaurant that offers a hearty breakfast, free secure parking and free WiFi in all bedrooms and in public areas. The entire staff was customer focused. Show more Show less From CAD 141 per night 8.0 Very good 274 reviews The Atlantic Hotel Hotel in St Brelade Breakfast options Overlooking St Ouen’s Bay and its own 10 acres of private grounds, The Atlantic Hotel offers 4-star accommodation in sophisticated surroundings. stunning location. lovely room. Show more Show less From CAD 212 per night 9.1 Superb 611 reviews Longueville Manor Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Breakfast options Just outside St Helier, this 14th-century manor house features a 3 AA-Rosette restaurant, an outdoor pool with al fresco dining and a casual cocktail bar. The staff were exceptional. Nothing was too much for them. Show more Show less From CAD 512 per night 9.4 Superb 287 reviews Budget hotels on Jersey See all Greenhills Country Hotel Hotel in Saint Peters Budget Hotel Greenhills Country Hotel has a peaceful setting in the heart of the green lanes of St. Peter and offers an outdoor heated pool and pretty, colourful gardens. Just a gorgeous hotel and wonderful staff. Show more Show less From CAD 216 per night 9.0 Superb 209 reviews Hotel Savoy Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Budget Hotel Originally a 19th-century manor house, Hotel Savoy has a gym, a seasonal swimming pool, Restaurant 1840, Jazz Bar and deck. Lost my phone while in a rush to the airport and the staff was very helpful and got it back on my... Show more Show less From CAD 106 per night 8.2 Very good 2,621 reviews Biarritz Hotel Hotel in St Brelade Budget Hotel A Christian Hotel without a licensed bar. With panoramic views of St Brelade’s beach, the Biarritz Hotel features scenic floral landscaped gardens, which lead down to the beach and promenade. Everything. The staff were exceptional, polite, so helpful in every respect. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 376 reviews Mornington Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Budget Hotel A 5-minute walk from the beach at Havre des Pas, the Mornington Hotel provides bed and breakfast accommodation just minutes from the centre of St Helier. VERY FRIENDLY GREAT LOCATION AND PARKING Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 851 reviews Runnymede Court Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Budget Hotel This Edwardian hotel is situated in St Helier in Jersey, just 230 metres from the beach. We were greeted at reception in a very friendly informative manner. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 529 reviews Norfolk Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey Budget Hotel With a outdoor swimming pool, Norfolk Hotel is just 5 minutes’ walk from the centre of St Helier and the picturesque Howard Davis Park. Great customer service. Staff in reception and the dining room superb. Entertainment if you wanted. Show more Show less 8.0 Very good 994 reviews Beausite Hotel Hotel in Grouville Budget Hotel On the eastern shore of the beautiful island of Jersey, the Beausite Hotel overlooks the scenic bay of Grouville. Guests have an indoor swimming pool, 2 saunas and a cocktail bar. This hotel is to be highly recommended. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 404 reviews Merton Hotel Hotel in St. Saviour Budget Hotel Just 10 minutes’ walk from St Helier, Merton Hotel boasts a water park with slides and a spa. There is free parking on site, and a choice of 5 restaurants. This has the most amazing family entertainment. Definitely the best in jersey. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 867 reviews Hotels on Jersey that you can book without a credit card See all Somerville Hotel Hotel in Saint Aubin No credit card needed Nestled on a hillside overlooking the picturesque harbour of St.Aubin with its restaurants, shops and pubs, this charming hotel is set within award-winning gardens. Everything was amazing. But what topped it off was when the reception manager ironed my shirt for me... Show more Show less From CAD 60 per night 8.8 Fabulous 805 reviews Golden Sands Hotel in St Brelade No credit card needed Situated right on the beach in the centre of St Brelade's Bay, the 4-star Golden Sands hotel offers excellent views of one of Jersey's finest beaches. I loved the hotel, location, staff, room. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 885 reviews Hotel Cristina Hotel in St Lawrence No credit card needed This hotel is conveniently situated on the edge of Jersey's country lane network, yet is just a few minutes from the beach. Breathtaking view of the sea from high above with glorious gardens lining the stonewalled paths... Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 403 reviews Westhill Country Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey No credit card needed Less than 2 miles from St Helier, Westhill has free Wi-Fi, 2 heated pools and free parking on site. The hotel runs a regular free bus service for guests, with buses travelling to St Helier town... We had a great stay and wanted for nothing. The staff were brilliant as was the food. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 570 reviews Maison Gorey Hotel Hotel in Grouville No credit card needed In the village of Gorey on the east coast of Jersey, Maison Gorey Hotel is less than a 5-minute walk from the beach, shops, restaurant and bars. Very friendly place, cozy like a home. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 443 reviews St Magloire Hotel in Saint Aubin No credit card needed Set in the picturesque fishing village of St. Aubin, this 4-star guest house features views over the bay and Elizabeth Castle. St Magloire offers free parking nearby and free WiFi. Prime location fabulous room and cobble street and view of the bay "" perfects X Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 301 reviews Hotel De Normandie Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey No credit card needed Ideally situated on Havre des Pas, 9 km from Jersey Airport, Hotel De Normandie is opposite the beautiful Bay of St Clement; it features free Wi-Fi in all rooms, an indoor swimming pool and a... We had a budget room but it was fine for our stay - a bicycle tour of the island. Show more Show less From CAD 104 per night 7.7 Good 3,052 reviews Beachcombers Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey No credit card needed Beachcombers Hotel is a boutique hotel next to the Royal Jersey Golf Course and Bay of Grouville, and a few minutes' walk from the beach. There is a bus stop directly outside the property. close to where we wanted to be excellent and very friendly staff Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 7.9 Good 560 reviews FAQs about hotels on Jersey What hotels on Jersey offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels on Jersey that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try La Haule Manor, Greenhills Country Hotel and Hotel La Place. Breakfast at these hotels on Jersey are also highly rated: Longueville Manor, Merton Hotel and Golden Sands. What hotels on Jersey are good for couples? Couples travelling on Jersey loved staying at Longueville Manor, Hotel La Place and L’Horizon Beach Hotel & Spa. Similarly, these hotels on Jersey are highly rated by couples: The Atlantic Hotel, La Haule Manor and Greenhills Country Hotel. How much is a hotel on Jersey for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel on Jersey this weekend is CAD 186 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 231. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels on Jersey for this weekend cost on average around CAD 289 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels on Jersey near Jersey Airport? Travellers who stayed on Jersey near Jersey Airport (JER) have said good things about Hotel La Place, Greenhills Country Hotel and Golden Sands. Among the hotels near Jersey Airport on Jersey, St Brelade's Bay Hotel, L’Horizon Beach Hotel & Spa and La Haule Manor have also been highly rated. What hotels on Jersey have nice views? Seascale Hotel & Restaurant, Longueville Manor and Golden Sands have received great reviews from travellers on Jersey regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying on Jersey also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Hotel Cristina, L’Horizon Beach Hotel & Spa and Radisson Blu Waterfront Hotel, Jersey. How much is a hotel on Jersey for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 197 per night to book a 3-star hotel on Jersey for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 215 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel on Jersey will cost around CAD 271 (based on Booking.com prices). How much does it cost to stay in a hotel on Jersey? On average, 3-star hotels on Jersey cost CAD 190 per night, and 4-star hotels on Jersey are CAD 272 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel on Jersey can on average be found for CAD 330 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels to stay on Jersey? Longueville Manor, Hotel La Place and The Atlantic Hotel are some of the popular hotels on Jersey. In addition to these hotels, La Haule Manor, St Brelade's Bay Hotel and L’Horizon Beach Hotel & Spa are also popular on Jersey. What are the best cities to stay on Jersey? Saint Helier Jersey, Saint Aubin and St Brelade are popular with other travellers visiting Jersey. How many hotels on Jersey are listed on Booking.com? There are 89 hotels on Jersey you can book on Booking.com. What are the best hotels on Jersey near Greve de Lecq? Some of the best hotels on Jersey near Greve de Lecq include Country cottage with private garden close to beach, Greenhills Country Hotel and The Prince Of Wales Hotel. Which hotels on Jersey are good for families? Many families visiting Jersey loved staying at Longueville Manor, Hotel La Place and The Atlantic Hotel. Similarly, L’Horizon Beach Hotel & Spa, La Haule Manor and Golden Sands are also popular among family travellers. Beaches Worthy of the Mediterranean In the English Channel, just off the Normandy coast, Jersey has wonderful beaches that wouldn’t look out of place in the Mediterranean. The largest Channel Island, it is a UK dependency, but has a distinctly Gallic feel and a dialect closer to French than English. Home to the largest concentration of Jersey hotels, St Helier - the capital - is centred on a harbour protected by 16th-century Elizabeth Castle, an offshore fort beautifully lit at night. Gorey also has fantastic Mont Orgueil castle, which dominates the multi-coloured façades and fishing boats below. Trinity in the north has one of the Jersey hotels on the beach and a wildlife park. Speaking of animals, in fields nearby and all over the island are fine examples of the brown Jersey cow that originated here. Grève de Lecq has a beautiful curved beach, while the longest beach runs along the west coast from the St Ouen to St Brelade regions. In between is St Peter, site of Jersey Airport, while the war tunnels in neighbouring St Lawrence are now a museum and one of the most popular Jersey attractions. Whichever choice you make from the range of apartments, guest houses and hotels in Jersey on Booking.com, it’s comforting to know that you are staying on a Fairtrade Island. Explore guest reviews of hotels on Jersey See all Hotel De Normandie Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 104 per night 7.7 Good 3,052 reviews - Hotel was fine as a 3 star. - The opening reception seems very grand - staff were lovely and friendly - my son loved the pool and jacuzzi, and extra towels were provided for this (pool area could be a bit lighter imo) - good location, bus stops right outside - lovely beach opposite, although as per most in jersey nobody seems to use it! No cafes etc. Lovely for walks - breakfast was good, good choice. - I found hotel clean - Nice bar / lounge area Show more Show less Amy United Kingdom The Prince Of Wales Hotel St Ouen's 8.5 Very good 399 reviews A superb hotel. The staff were really friendly, the rooms were lovely, and the location is exceptional ! I grew up in Jersey so I know the island very well, and we were over as a family visiting my father. He doesn't have enough space for us all to stay hence we thought we'd book into a local hotel instead. The Prince of Wales is literally next to Greve de Lecq beach - literally next to (as in about 30 seconds walk) so the kids loved that too. Show more Show less Jonathan United Kingdom Pomme d'Or Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 129 per night 8.7 Fabulous 490 reviews The room was very spacious, well appointed and very comfortable. The breakfast in the 'Harbour Room' was extremely good. Polite, efficient and happy staff, in a really nice environment, meant we felt, releaxed and well looked after in a pleasant atmosphere. We wanted for nothing given the buffet style breakfast, with too much variety to mention. The hotel was in a great location overlooking Liberty Square and Jersey Harbour beyond. Show more Show less DAVID United Kingdom Liberty Wharf Apartments Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 194 per night 8.7 Fabulous 206 reviews The apartment is very convenient for getting around the island, especially if you travel by bus as it's above the bus station. There was no noticeable noise from the buses. There were nice little touches that we did not expect, with tea, coffee, cereals and a pint of low fat Jersey milk in the fridge. The apartment was clean and there was ample space for the two of us. All the staff that we came into contact with were very pleasant. Show more Show less Michael United Kingdom L’Horizon Beach Hotel & Spa Hotel in St Brelade From CAD 215 per night 9.0 Superb 711 reviews Location was tremendous, overlooking the beautiful St Brelades Bay. Staff were impeccably mannered and superb service. Hotel facilities were great, especially the spa and sea view room very comfortable and well stocked with drinks, loved the Jersey milk carton touch. Food very good quality, breakfast outstanding and lots of choice, Grill restaurant took it up another notch, superb. Show more Show less Julie United Kingdom Hotel Cristina Hotel in St Lawrence 8.6 Fabulous 403 reviews Victoria, the lady who checked us in was so lovely! I had rang the hotel on the Saturday before to pay for some drinks I wanted to have put in our room before our arrival for my husbands birthday and she went above and beyond. Alongside the drinks she also had a card wishing my husband a happy birthday and a box of Jersey fudge which he loved!! Show more Show less Lorraine Jersey Norfolk Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey 8.0 Very good 994 reviews Our flight arrived into Jersey before check-in and we were able to store our luggage and go and explore. Hotel is 5 minutes from the town centre and 10- 15 minutes' walk to the Bus Station. Staff were really friendly. The lady who served us our breakfast every morning remembered our order and was really attentive and friendly. Show more Show less Anne-Marie United Kingdom Biarritz Hotel Hotel in St Brelade 8.5 Very good 376 reviews Fantastic Hotel, Beautiful location with outstanding sea views, direct access to St Brelades beach and amenities this has to be one of the best places to stay in Jersey. I really could not fault this hotel in any way, fantastic friendly staff and always a smile, a very relaxing time and I will be returning very soon. Show more Show less Gordon United Kingdom The Uplands Apartments Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 161 per night 8.3 Very good 226 reviews It was a good apartment, 25min walk (up hill) to the apartment. Good little place to stay. I lowered the value rating only because the money we paid I would expect what we had. Jersey is not a cheap place to stay but os a wonder place to visit. So all in all a good apartment, and an OK price. Show more Show less Darren United Kingdom De L'Etang Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 61 per night 8.4 Very good 707 reviews Great location, very friendly and helpful owners. Delicious evening meal and very good breakfasts too. We were in Jersey during Storm Ciarán - the hotel owners couldn't have been more reassuring and looked after us very well. Perfect hotel for a mini break on Jersey. Show more Show less Emily United Kingdom Trendy & Central 2 Bed Victorian Apartment Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 203 per night 8.9 Fabulous 43 reviews The flat is very comfortable and relaxing with a great space for a family stay in Jersey. It was modern and clean with lots of well thought of amenities making it much nicer than staying in a hotel. Walking distance to shops and access to the rest of the island. Show more Show less Sanem United Kingdom Hotel Ambassadeur Hotel in St Clements From CAD 131 per night 8.0 Very good 577 reviews Great Breakfasts . Bedroom was excellent and the Staff were very helpful at all times . We would probably return to this Hotel next time we visit Jersey , which was a beautiful island with public Transport System as good as anywhere in the world. Show more Show less PATRICK United Kingdom Grand Jersey Hotel and Spa Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 177 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,187 reviews The hotel was perfectly situated for the town of St Helier, the bus station and lovely restaurants, and overlooked the bay. The staff were always friendly and helpful. There was nothing to dislike about the Grand Jersey Hotel. Show more Show less Vicki United Kingdom Almorah Hotel Saint Helier Jersey 9.6 Exceptional 272 reviews The hotel was absolutely immaculate, the owners and staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast was delicious. We will be staying there again and we would highly recommend the Almorah to anyone looking to visit Jersey! Show more Show less Nicholas South Africa Hotel de France Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 205 per night 8.4 Very good 1,156 reviews Our first time in Jersey and had a relaxing enjoyable stay. Location of hotel is central and walking and taxis were easy options. We had ferry issues due to weather and the hotel was very accommodating. Highly recommend. Show more Show less Gregory France The Atlantic Hotel Hotel in St Brelade From CAD 212 per night 9.1 Superb 611 reviews The hotel, its facilities and staff were excellent. In particular, the hotel was very quiet and the food superb, including the bar menu. We would certainly stay at the hotel again as and when we return to Jersey. Show more Show less Richard United Kingdom Hotel Savoy Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 106 per night 8.2 Very good 2,621 reviews Perfect location for exploring the beautiful island of Jersey. The hotel offers everything you need for a company stay. Breakfast is superb, rooms are good, free parking if you have a car. Show more Show less VictoriaD86 United Kingdom Merton Hotel Hotel in St. Saviour 8.5 Very good 867 reviews Staff were polite and observant at all times. Hotel was clean and Jersey Joe's served good food late into the evening. Show more Show less James Guernsey Beachcombers Hotel Hotel in Saint Helier Jersey From CAD 135 per night 7.9 Good 560 reviews Great friendly staff. We were at Hotel when Gas was switched off in Jersey. Staff were accommodating as possible. Show more Show less Fleur United Kingdom Hotel La Place Hotel in Saint Aubin From CAD 275 per night 9.3 Superb 560 reviews The Hotel La Place is our first choice hotel in Jersey. the decor is great and the staff are excellent Show more Show less Gavin Jersey Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Jersey Get your flight tickets to Jersey right here on Booking.com. Hotels near La Moye Golf Club Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Car hire near Jersey Airport Pick up your rental car as soon as you touch down. Hotels in Lake District Discover another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels in Scotland Discover another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels in the United Kingdom Set off to explore the whole country. Hotels near Jersey Airport Find hotels conveniently close to the area's most popular airport – perfect for a late arrival or early departure. When to visit the United Kingdom Events, prices, the weather and more. B&Bs on Jersey Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440