The 10 best hotels close to Burj Al Arab in Dubai, United Arab Emirates Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels near Burj Al Arab, Dubai Enter your dates and choose from 4501 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Arab Emirates Dubai Burj Al Arab Featured hotels near Burj Al Arab Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Burj Al Arab Jumeirah Beach & Coast, Dubai (0 km from Burj Al Arab) Situated on its own island, Burj Al Arab Jumeirah features suites overlooking the sea, 8 signature restaurants and a full-service spa. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,519 reviews Price from CAD 1,855 per night Check availability Jumeirah Al Naseem Umm Suqeim, Dubai (0.5 km from Burj Al Arab) Offering a spa centre and a private beach area, Jumeirah Al Naseem is located in the Umm Suqeim district in Dubai. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,598 reviews Price from CAD 1,104 per night Check availability Jumeirah Beach Hotel Umm Suqeim, Dubai (0.5 km from Burj Al Arab) This 5-star luxury Dubai hotel has a private beach and features over 10 restaurant and bars, 5 swimming pools. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 3,294 reviews Price from CAD 626 per night Check availability Jumeirah Mina A'Salam Umm Suqeim, Dubai (0.7 km from Burj Al Arab) Completely refurbished in 2022, Jumeirah Mina A’Salam, the heart of Madinat Jumeirah Resort, is a boutique style hotel. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,429 reviews Price from CAD 626 per night Check availability Madinat Jumeirah Living Umm Suqeim, Dubai (0.5 km from Burj Al Arab) Located in Dubai, Madinat Jumeirah Living provides a restaurant and sea views, 1.1 km from Jumeira Public Beach and 500 metres from Burj Al Arab Tower. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 26 reviews Price from CAD 736 per night Check availability bnbmehomes - Elegant Pool View - 2BR Apartment - 607 Umm Suqeim, Dubai (0.5 km from Burj Al Arab) Featuring air-conditioned accommodation with a heated pool, bnbmehomes - Elegant Pool View - 2BR Apartment - 607 is set in Dubai. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 23 reviews Price from CAD 269 per night Check availability See more properties near Burj Al Arab Top 10 trending hotels near Burj Al Arab Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Atlantis, The Palm 5 stars Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai #1 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 9.1 Superb 18,351 reviews Swissôtel Al Murooj Dubai 5 stars Hotel in Trade Centre, Dubai #2 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.0 Very good 9,106 reviews Ramada Downtown Dubai 4 stars Hotel in Downtown Dubai, Dubai #3 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.5 Very good 8,407 reviews Roda Amwaj Suites Jumeirah Beach Residence Hotel in Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai #4 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.1 Very good 11,134 reviews Atana Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Barsha Heights (Tecom) , Dubai #5 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.0 Very good 22,780 reviews Wyndham Dubai Marina 4 stars Hotel in Dubai Marina, Dubai #6 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.3 Very good 13,657 reviews Five Palm Jumeirah Dubai 5 stars Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai #7 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 9.1 Superb 22,743 reviews TRYP by Wyndham Dubai 4 stars Hotel in Barsha Heights (Tecom) , Dubai #8 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.4 Very good 17,111 reviews Five Jumeirah Village 5 stars Hotel in Dubai #9 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 9.1 Superb 38,226 reviews The First Collection at Jumeirah Village Circle 4 stars Hotel in Dubai #10 Booked hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.6 Fabulous 10,469 reviews See more hotels near Burj Al Arab Atlantis, The Palm 5 stars Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai #1 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 9.1 Superb 18,351 reviews Atana Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Barsha Heights (Tecom) , Dubai #2 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.0 Very good 22,780 reviews Wyndham Dubai Marina 4 stars Hotel in Dubai Marina, Dubai #3 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.3 Very good 13,657 reviews Dukes The Palm, a Royal Hideaway Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai #4 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.3 Very good 6,249 reviews The Retreat Palm Dubai MGallery by Sofitel 5 stars Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai #5 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.2 Very good 6,698 reviews Canal Central Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Business Bay, Dubai #6 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.5 Very good 6,814 reviews Royal Central Hotel and Resort The Palm 5 stars Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai #7 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.6 Fabulous 7,961 reviews Millennium Place Dubai Marina 4 stars Hotel in Dubai Marina, Dubai #8 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.5 Very good 7,477 reviews Five Jumeirah Village 5 stars Hotel in Dubai #9 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 9.1 Superb 38,226 reviews The First Collection at Jumeirah Village Circle 4 stars Hotel in Dubai #10 Wish-listed hotel near Burj Al Arab 8.6 Fabulous 10,469 reviews See more hotels near Burj Al Arab Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Burj Al Arab See all The Dubai EDITION Hotel in Downtown Dubai, Dubai Breakfast options Located in Dubai, 700 metres from The Dubai Fountain, The Dubai EDITION provides accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. Aynur; Rose and Tanzim are very friendly and helpful Show more Show less From CAD 500 per night 9.1 Superb 2,474 reviews Rove City Walk Hotel in Al Wasl, Dubai Breakfast options Set in Dubai, Rove City Walk provides a restaurant. Among the various facilities of this property are a fitness centre and a bar. City Walk Mall is 200 m from the property. This was the 3rd time to stay at Rove Hotel, and i absolutely loved it. Show more Show less From CAD 224 per night 9.0 Superb 7,668 reviews The St. Regis Dubai, The Palm Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai Breakfast options The St. Regis Dubai, The Palm offers bespoke service, celebrated rituals and exquisite culinary offerings. Most pleasant thing that all staff are being helpful from checking in into room service,... Show more Show less From CAD 440 per night 9.2 Superb 1,225 reviews Grand Cosmopolitan Hotel Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Breakfast options Located in Dubai, 7.7 km from Jumeirah Beach, Grand Cosmopolitan Hotel provides accommodation with three restaurants, free private parking, outdoor swimming pools and a fitness centre. Hotel location is very good. Closed to Mall of emirates and a lot of restaurants nearby. Show more Show less From CAD 253 per night 9.1 Superb 8,305 reviews Five Jumeirah Village Hotel in Dubai Breakfast options Situated in Dubai, 8 km from Dubai Autodrome, Five Jumeirah Village features accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. Absolutely everything! this hotel is exceptional Show more Show less From CAD 202 per night 9.1 Superb 38,226 reviews Address Sky View Hotel in Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai Breakfast options Attractively located in the centre of Dubai, Address Sky View features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. It’s location at the heart of Dubai metro. Show more Show less From CAD 957 per night 9.0 Superb 2,979 reviews Address Fountain Views Hotel in Downtown Dubai, Dubai Breakfast options Situated in Dubai, 200 meters from The Dubai Fountain, Address Fountain Views features accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. Excellent localisation next to Burj Khalifa, great view, close to the city, the most delicious... Show more Show less From CAD 719 per night 9.0 Superb 1,389 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Dubai, Al Barsha Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Breakfast options Courtyard by Marriott Al Barsha, Dubai is located on Al Barsha Road, right behind Mall of the Emirates, and is at a 5-10 minute walking distance from Mall of the Emirates & Mashreq Metro Stations. Very happy friendly staff Especially Asif Show more Show less From CAD 133 per night 9.1 Superb 2,509 reviews Budget hotels near Burj Al Arab See all Studio M Al Barsha Hotel by Millennium Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Budget Hotel Set in Dubai, 700 metres from Mall of the Emirates, Studio M Al Barsha Hotel by Millennium offers accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. Friendly staff and clean & neat rooms Show more Show less From CAD 110 per night 8.2 Very good 3,689 reviews Premier Inn Dubai Barsha Heights Hotel in Barsha Heights (Tecom) , Dubai Budget Hotel Situated in Dubai, 4.9 km from Mall of the Emirates, Premier Inn Dubai Barsha Heights features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. Everyday, they will clean your room. Also, i likw the pool on the top”8:00am-19:00 really nice... Show more Show less From CAD 116 per night 8.8 Fabulous 3,437 reviews TIME Asma Hotel Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Budget Hotel Set in Dubai, 1.5 km from Mall of the Emirates, TIME Asma Hotel offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. The stuff was always helpful,the room was clean ,very quiet ,the location is also good ,close to... Show more Show less From CAD 140 per night 8.1 Very good 3,609 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Production City, Dubai Hotel in Dubai Production City , Dubai Budget Hotel Located in Dubai, just 15 km away from Mall of the Emirates and 16 km from The Walk at JBR, Four Points by Sheraton Production City, Dubai offers rooms equipped with complimentary WiFi. Awesome room and staff are tops , from entering the lobby to getting into a Taxi. Show more Show less From CAD 99 per night 8.3 Very good 1,453 reviews Aloft Me'aisam, Dubai Hotel in Dubai Production City , Dubai Budget Hotel Aloft Me’aisam Dubai is a hip-new hotel with an urban-inspired décor, located in Dubai Production City, just opposite to the City Centre Me’aisem mall and few minutes away from the Jumeirah Golf... It's modern and clean with a nice restaurant/sports bar. Show more Show less From CAD 126 per night 8.1 Very good 1,069 reviews Holiday Inn & Suites - Dubai Science Park, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Dubai Budget Hotel Located in Dubai, 9.4 km from Mall of the Emirates, Holiday Inn & Suites - Dubai Science Park, an IHG Hotel provides accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. The hotel room was clean, nice and spacious Mr. Show more Show less From CAD 114 per night 8.8 Fabulous 221 reviews Element Me'aisam, Dubai Hotel in Dubai Production City , Dubai Budget Hotel Nestled in the heart of Dubai Production City, Element Me’aisam Dubai by Westin is located near the Jumeirah Golf Estates and just opposite the City Centre Me’aisem mall, which features over 25 shops... Everything. We stayed one week and we enjoyed. Show more Show less From CAD 128 per night 8.4 Very good 223 reviews Citymax Hotel Al Barsha Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Budget Hotel Set in Dubai, 1.1 km from Mall of the Emirates, Citymax Hotel Al Barsha offers accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Great service from staff. Easy check in process, very friendly and accommodating check-in staff. Show more Show less From CAD 110 per night 7.8 Good 2,335 reviews Hotels with great access to Burj Al Arab! See all Aspen Chalets by Kempinski Hotel Mall of The Emirates Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Great location Set in Dubai with direct access to the Mall of the Emirates, Aspen Chalets by Kempinski features a year-round outdoor pool and award-winning spa, SENSASIA Stories Spa. They offer cake birthday for my kid, which is really wonderful Facility is amazing Show more Show less From CAD 699 per night 9.4 Superb 154 reviews Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Great location Directly connected to Mall of the Emirates, Kempinski Hotel Mall of the Emirates is centrally situated with close proximity to areas such as Downtown Dubai, Dubai Marina and Palm Jumeirah, with the... Very friendly staff. Made suprise cake and gift for my son who just turned 5 the day our check-in. Show more Show less From CAD 563 per night 9.1 Superb 8,139 reviews Wonderful Reva Aparthotel Downtown Hotel in Business Bay, Dubai Great location Located in Dubai, 1.5 km from The Dubai Fountain, Wonderful Reva Aparthotel Downtown provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Apartment in a very good location, clean, swimming pool is a big plus, we will come again Show more Show less From CAD 243 per night 9.1 Superb 16 reviews Dusit D2 Kenz Hotel Dubai Hotel in Beach & Coast, Dubai Great location The Dusit D2 Kenz Hotel Dubai is located in Barsha Heights. Facing Sheikh Zayed Road, it is a short walk from the Dubai Internet City Metro Station, features free WiFi and free private parking. we liked everything about this hotel. absolutely no complaints. Show more Show less From CAD 179 per night 9.0 Superb 6,706 reviews Grand Plaza Mövenpick Hotel in Beach & Coast, Dubai Great location Situated in Dubai, 5.7 km from The Montgomery, Dubai, Grand Plaza Mövenpick features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a shared lounge. great people at reception, loved their professionalism Show more Show less From CAD 221 per night 9.0 Superb 3,409 reviews voco Dubai The Palm, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai Great location Set in Dubai, a few steps from Palm West Beach, voco Dubai The Palm, an IHG Hotel offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. Voco Dubai review already posted Posting again if not posted yet 1. Show more Show less From CAD 250 per night 9.0 Superb 510 reviews Staybridge Suites Dubai Internet City, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Beach & Coast, Dubai Great location Staybridge Suites Dubai Internet City is located on Sheikh Zayed Road within the vibrant business community of Dubai Internet City and in direct vicinity to Dubai Media City and Knowledge Village. They had a nice party at the hotel when we arrived and the staff were very friendly Show more Show less From CAD 199 per night 8.9 Fabulous 981 reviews Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah, Dubai Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai Great location Facing the beachfront, Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah, Dubai offers 5-star accommodation in Dubai and has free bikes, outdoor swimming pool and fitness centre. Everything, hotel decor rooms pools and restaurant Show more Show less From CAD 348 per night 8.9 Fabulous 829 reviews Planning a trip to see the Burj Al Arab? Check out the latest reviews and scores 10 Our stay at the Burj Al Arab was an unparalleled experience... Our stay at the Burj Al Arab was an unparalleled experience of luxury and extravagance. From the moment we arrived, the impeccable service and attention to detail were evident. The opulent decor and breathtaking views from our suite exceeded our expectations. Dining at the world-class restaurants, including the underwater Al Mahara, was a culinary journey like no other. The Burj Al Arab is not just a hotel; it's a destination in itself, offering an unforgettable taste of Dubai's unparalleled hospitality and sophistication. It's a once-in-a-lifetime experience that we'll cherish forever. Show more Show less lrgmadeira Poland 10 I took a speed boat called "The yellow speed boat"... I took a speed boat called "The yellow speed boat" from Dubai Marina. Passed the Burj Al Arab Tower outside on the sea in day time and evening time which is great experience as we able to see also took some pictures in day light and sunset. Beautiful design and the colours. Show more Show less Rizwan loves bookingcom United Kingdom People are talking about Burj Al Arab! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "Burj Al Arab" See all Avani Plus Palm View Dubai Hotel & Suites Dubai Media City, Dubai From CAD 250 per night 9.1 Superb 2,903 reviews The rooms were big and clean. Some breakfast items were not really good (especially the pastries). Variety and service very good. Beds are comfy and the rooms are nice. The view from the pool (1st floor above the parkings) is in the direction of Burj Al Arab. If you don't have a sea view room, you can't see the palm. Show more Show less Frank Neudoerfer United Arab Emirates Grand Cosmopolitan Hotel Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai From CAD 253 per night 9.1 Superb 8,305 reviews The entire staff was friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The rooftop pool was very pleasant and had a perfect view to the Burj Al Arab. The assortment of food and drinks by the breakfast and dinner was great. You should not miss it! Free transfer to the Kite beach was a good extra benefit. Show more Show less Imre Gabor Hungary Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Abu Dhabi Take a look at hotels in Abu Dhabi and explore more of the United Arab Emirates. Hotels in Ras al Khaimah Discover another destination in the United Arab Emirates. Hotels in Dubai Top hotels to explore Burj Al Arab and the city at large. Hotels near Dubai International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Abu Dhabi International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in the United Arab Emirates Amazing places to stay in the United Arab Emirates. Car hire in Dubai Hire a car and hit the road, whether that's A to B or for a longer road trip. Apartments in Dubai Emirate Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Sharjah Find more hotels in a city close to Burj Al Arab. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870070