The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Las Vegas, United States - Las Vegas hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Las Vegas Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Las Vegas hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United States Nevada (NV) Las Vegas Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Las Vegas – 789 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Hampton Inn & Suites Las Vegas Convention Center - No Resort Fee 3 stars Hotel in East of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Conveniently set in the East of the Las Vegas Strip district of Las Vegas, Hampton Inn & Suites Las Vegas Convention Center - No Resort Fee is situated 3.4 km from Stratosphere Tower, 4 km from... Christian Germany Nice rooms, good breakfast and nice staff Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 927 reviews Price from CAD 144 per night Check availability Club Wyndham Grand Desert 3 stars Hotel in East of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas This resort is a 5-minute walk from the Las Vegas Strip. It offers 3 outdoor pools and free shuttles to the Strip. Apartment-style accommodation includes full kitchens or kitchenettes. Lucia Slovakia Hotel is only 10-15 min from Strip but unfortunately there are construction works everywhere around caused by preparation for F1 race in Nov. So because of detour you need to count with longer time. Hotel also provides shuttle transfer to Strip every 30-40 minutes. We were very happy with the size of our apartment for 3 people. Kitchen fully equipped. Wi-fi working perfectly. Washing machine and dryer included. Check-in from 4 pm but hotel was able to provide the room around noon, which we really appreciated after long night travel. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 1,304 reviews Price from CAD 171 per night Check availability Motel 6-Las Vegas, NV - Motor Speedway 2 stars Hotel in North Las Vegas, Las Vegas Located in Las Vegas, Motel 6 Las Vegas, Nv - Motor Speedway features free WiFi. 20 km from Las Vegas Convention Center, the property is also 23 km away from Colosseum at Caesars Palace. Jessica United States This was a great spot to stay on a long road trip with a large trailer in tow. We wanted to be off strip with easy access to 15 on our way back to Wyoming. The parking lot had a truck/trailer area in back that was well lit and secure. The hotel was exceptionally clean and our room was very spacious. The bed was comfortable and there wasn’t much noise from other guests or the road. It was right next door to a travel plaza with gas and food 24hrs. The location was a relatively inexpensive Lyft ride from the strip when we decided to have brunch at the Paris hotel before getting back on the road. Would definitely stay here again, especially for the price! Show more Show less 7.8 Good 938 reviews Price from CAD 147 per night Check availability Aviation Inn 2 stars Hotel in North Las Vegas, Las Vegas Aviation Inn is located in Las Vegas. Free WiFi access is available in each guest room. The Las Vegas Convention Center is 14.9 km away. vega United States Everything went super well the 14 days I stayed in the hotel. Staff and cleaning ladies were super nice and professional. Would definitely recommend this hotel.. Show more Show less 5.3 Review score 546 reviews Price from CAD 96 per night Check availability Extended Stay America Suites - Las Vegas - Midtown 2 stars Hotel in East of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas This Extended Stay America - Las Vegas - Midtown is located in Las Vegas and especially designed for longer stays, with all rooms featuring a fully equipped kitchen. Bradley Australia Friendly staff. Older hotel however in fair condition especially for the price. The bed, shower were very good. I like the layout of the room with the kitchenette and work desk. Show more Show less 6.4 Review score 322 reviews Price from CAD 170 per night Check availability Home2 Suites by Hilton Las Vegas Convention Center - No Resort Fee 3 stars Hotel in East of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Situated conveniently in the East of the Las Vegas Strip district of Las Vegas, Home2 Suites by Hilton Las Vegas Convention Center - No Resort Fee is located 3.4 km from Stratosphere Tower, 4 km from... Kathleen United States It was convenient and delicious Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 802 reviews Price from CAD 159 per night Check availability Home2 Suites By Hilton Las Vegas Strip South 3 stars Hotel in South of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Located 5 km from Mandalay Bay Convention Center, Home2 Suites By Hilton Las Vegas Strip South features air-conditioned suites with free WiFi. Guests can enjoy a swim in the outdoor saline pool. Lenard Australia Breakfast have lots of variety. Hotel and rooms are very modern. Room is clean. Show more Show less 9 Superb 337 reviews Price from CAD 177 per night Check availability DoubleTree by Hilton Las Vegas Airport 3 stars Hotel in South of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Offering a variety of complimentary services and amenities, this hotel is ideally located moments from McCarran International Airport and is close to the sights and attractions of Las Vegas city... Gunel Azerbaijan I was at this hotel for 3-4 hr only, before our flight to Boston. And it was clean and quiet place. Show more Show less 8 Very good 256 reviews Price from CAD 145 per night Check availability Club Wyndham Desert Blue 4 stars Hotel in West of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Offering a hot tub and fitness centre, Club Wyndham Desert Blue is set in Las Vegas in the Nevada Region, 1.3 km from Colosseum at Caesars Palace. Bellagio Fountains is 1.7 km from the property. Thomas Belgium The location, welcoming entry, very clean Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 222 reviews Price from CAD 126 per night Check availability Hampton Inn Las Vegas/Summerlin 3 stars Hotel in Summerlin, Las Vegas Located 15 miles from the Las Vegas Strip, this Summerlin hotel offers an outdoor pool, tour desk and free Wi-Fi in every room. Hampton Inn Las Vegas/ Summerlin rooms include a microwave,... Miriam United Kingdom Although the property is far away from the main casino strips etc it was very quiet and peaceful place to be in. The motorway connection meant it was easy to get to local attractions via an Uber. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 391 reviews Price from CAD 154 per night Check availability See all 259 hotels in Las Vegas Most booked hotels in Las Vegas in the past month See all Downtown Grand Hotel & Casino Hotel in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 7.9 Good · 9,265 reviews Plaza Hotel & Casino Hotel in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 7.4 Good · 6,776 reviews Mardi Gras Hotel & Casino Hotel in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 6.6 Pleasant · 6,561 reviews Ellis Island Hotel Casino & Brewery Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 7.7 Good · 7,181 reviews Days Inn by Wyndham Las Vegas Airport Near the Strip Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 7.3 Good · 3,835 reviews Motel 6-Las Vegas, NV - Tropicana Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 6.7 Pleasant · 2,127 reviews Vdara Hotel & Spa at ARIA Las Vegas Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 8.3 Very good · 2,502 reviews Serene Vegas Boutique Hotel Las Vegas Hotel in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 7.5 Good · 2,186 reviews Alexis Park All Suite Resort Hotel in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 7.7 Good · 4,388 reviews The Signature at MGM Grand - All Suites Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Popular with guests booking hotels in Las Vegas 8.5 Very good · 1,856 reviews Las Vegas's best hotels with breakfast See all Best Western Plus Henderson Hotel Hotel in Henderson, Las Vegas Breakfast options Located less than 1.6 km from Jokers Wild Casino, this hotel features an on-site restaurant and heated outdoor pool. Guest rooms offer free WiFi. good breakfast, quiet neighbourhood, friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 151.49 8.5 Very good · 2,428 reviews SpringHill Suites by Marriott Las Vegas Convention Center Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Breakfast options SpringHill Suites by Marriott Las Vegas Convention Center offers suites with HD LCD TVs and has a rooftop pool with spectacular views of Las Vegas. Free WiFi is available throughout the property. Location is great. Rooms are nicely equipped and were clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 213.64 8.4 Very good · 2,251 reviews La Quinta by Wyndham Las Vegas Airport South Hotel in Las Vegas Breakfast options The La Quinta Inn & Suites by Wyndham Las Vegas Airport South hotel is located 1.8 miles from the Harry Reid International Airport (LAS) and 4.5 miles from the Las Vegas Strip. Very good breakfast included, staff very friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 191.08 8.3 Very good · 2,156 reviews Hyatt Place Las Vegas Hotel in Las Vegas Breakfast options Next to the Hofbräuhaus German beer hall and across from the University of Nevada Las Vegas, Hyatt Place Las Vegas offers guest rooms and a variety of first-rate services and amenities. Clean and spacious room Good breakfast Safe facilities Avg. price/night: CAD 207.13 8.3 Very good · 1,585 reviews Hampton Inn Tropicana Hotel in Las Vegas Breakfast options Hampton Inn Tropicana is a non-gaming, 100% nonsmoking hotel. Guests can enjoy a daily hot American breakfast. Coffee all of the time, and breakfast was very good. Avg. price/night: CAD 149.55 8.6 Fabulous · 2,335 reviews Aloft Henderson Hotel in Henderson, Las Vegas Breakfast options Located in Las Vegas, 14 km from Mandalay Bay Convention Center, Aloft Henderson provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a shared lounge. Instalaciones muy limpias excelente cuarto muy cómodo Avg. price/night: CAD 193.98 8.8 Fabulous · 183 reviews Home2 Suites By Hilton Las Vegas Northwest Hotel in Las Vegas Breakfast options Situated in Las Vegas, 24 km from Mob Museum, Home2 Suites By Hilton Las Vegas Northwest features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a shared... Easy access… everything that was offered delivered Avg. price/night: CAD 186.96 8.8 Fabulous · 350 reviews Fairfield Inn & Suites Las Vegas Airport South Hotel in Las Vegas Breakfast options Boasting barbecue facilities, Fairfield Inn & Suites Las Vegas Airport South is situated in Las Vegas in the Nevada region, 5.6 km from Mandalay Bay Convention Center and 5.7 km from Shark Reef... The property is modern and appears well cared for. Avg. price/night: CAD 184.83 8.3 Very good · 140 reviews Budget hotels in Las Vegas See all The Signature at MGM Grand - All Suites Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Budget Hotel This luxury hotel on the Las Vegas Strip features outdoor seasonal pool. Spacious suites offer a spa bath, flat-screen TVs and an iHome clock radio. Beautiful views from my suite and comfortable bed! Avg. price/night: CAD 188.73 8.5 Very good · 1,856 reviews Tuscany Suites & Casino Hotel in Las Vegas Budget Hotel This all-suite hotel on a beautifully landscaped property has an outdoor pool and spa facilities. The hotel is attached to a casino, less than a mile from the Las Vegas Strip. Spa was lovely and warm. Swimming pool was also lovely. Avg. price/night: CAD 137.84 8.5 Very good · 2,792 reviews Palms Place Hotel and Spa Hotel in Las Vegas Budget Hotel The modern guest rooms at the Las Vegas Palms Place Hotel and Spa boast floor-to-ceiling windows, a kitchenette, and an all-marble bathroom. Stuff was extremely helpful, room was big and comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 211.49 8.0 Very good · 465 reviews Boulder Station Hotel & Casino Hotel in Las Vegas Budget Hotel Boasting a bar, casino and views of city, Boulder Station Hotel & Casino is set in Las Vegas, 7.5 km from Las Vegas Convention Center. El lugar muy limpio, buena ubicación todo lo necesario accesible. Avg. price/night: CAD 122.16 8.4 Very good · 14 reviews Oasis at Gold Spike - Adults Only Hotel in Las Vegas Budget Hotel Located in the city centre of Las Vegas, Oasis at Gold Spike is just 3 minutes’ walk from the Fremont Street Experience. The location was excellent Friendly helpful staff Price was good Avg. price/night: CAD 84.01 6.5 Pleasant · 2,537 reviews Plaza Hotel & Casino Hotel in Las Vegas Budget Hotel Located at the beginning of the Fremont Street Experience, Plaza Hotel & Casino offers a variety of restaurants and a casino with Keno, slots, table games and a sports book. Clean and modern, close to Fremont street experience. Avg. price/night: CAD 110.74 7.4 Good · 6,776 reviews Downtown Grand Hotel & Casino Hotel in Las Vegas Budget Hotel Located in the heart of Downtown Las Vegas, Downtown Grand, features the Citrus Grand Pool Deck, the largest pool deck in all of Downtown Las Vegas. Stay closer to the Freemont Experience was the best Avg. price/night: CAD 119.14 7.9 Good · 9,265 reviews Best Western Plus Casino Royale - Center Strip Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Budget Hotel Located on the Las Vegas Strip, Best Western Plus Casino Royale - Center Strip is 1.6 km away from Sands Expo and Convention Center. This hotel offers free WiFi, free parking, and no resort fees. The location is very good, very convenient to go anywhere Avg. price/night: CAD 137.91 7.9 Good · 4,932 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Las Vegas See all Lucky cuss Motel Hotel in Las Vegas Central location Lucky cuss Motel is located in Las Vegas, 4.9 km from Mob Museum and 5.7 km from The Neon Museum. This 2-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. 10.0 Exceptional · 2 reviews SIGNATURE MGM TOP 38th FLOOR PENTHOUSE LUX+ BEST BALONY STRIP VIEW SUITE + NO RESORT FEE Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Central location Set in Las Vegas, 1.2 km from Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel, SIGNATURE MGM TOP 38th FLOOR PENTHOUSE LUX+ BEST BALONY STRIP VIEW SUITE + NO RESORT FEE offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool,... 9.7 Exceptional · 3 reviews TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas North I-15 Hotel in North Las Vegas, Las Vegas Central location Set in Las Vegas and with Mob Museum reachable within 13 km, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas North I-15 offers express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, an outdoor swimming pool, free... Friendly staff, comfortable hotel, wonderful suite. 😊 Avg. price/night: CAD 234.62 9.3 Superb · 50 reviews The Berkley, Las Vegas Hotel in Las Vegas Central location This 18-storey resort with full suites is only 8 km from the Las Vegas Strip and located in the Village of Silverton with access to restaurants, bars, casinos a Bass Pro Shop. The quality-price ratio of the studio is very good 9.1 Superb · 3,486 reviews Lucky Gem Luxury Suite MGM Signature, Balcony Strip View 1607 Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Central location In a prime location in Las Vegas, Lucky Gem Luxury Suite MGM Signature, Balcony Strip View 1607 provides air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. Avg. price/night: CAD 545.87 9.0 Superb · 1 review Lucky Gem Luxury Suite MGM Signature, Strip View 509 Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Central location Situated conveniently in the centre of Las Vegas, Lucky Gem Luxury Suite MGM Signature, Strip View 509 offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. Avg. price/night: CAD 437.81 9.0 Superb · 1 review Home2 Suites by Hilton Las Vegas Stadium District Hotel in Las Vegas Central location Located in Las Vegas and with Mandalay Bay Convention Center reachable within 1.7 km, Home2 Suites by Hilton Las Vegas Stadium District provides express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a... It was a nice clean, convenient, family friendly place Avg. price/night: CAD 225.42 8.9 Fabulous · 615 reviews The Carriage House Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Central location Located 4 minutes' drive from the Las Vegas Strip, this hotel offers spacious accommodations with a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette. It features an outdoor pool, a tennis court and free WiFi. Kichen/ clean/ lundry machine/free parking Avg. price/night: CAD 167.05 8.8 Fabulous · 1,172 reviews FAQs about hotels in Las Vegas How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Las Vegas? On average, 3-star hotels in Las Vegas cost CAD 227 per night, and 4-star hotels in Las Vegas are CAD 309 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Las Vegas can on average be found for CAD 565 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Las Vegas for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Las Vegas this weekend is CAD 514 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 734. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Las Vegas for this weekend cost on average around CAD 1,538 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Las Vegas for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 219 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Las Vegas for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 251 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Las Vegas will cost around CAD 540 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Las Vegas are good for families? Many families visiting Las Vegas loved staying at TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas North I-15, Hampton Inn Las Vegas Strip South, NV 89123 and Marriott's Grand Chateau. What are the best hotels in Las Vegas near Lake Las Vegas? Some of the best hotels in Las Vegas near Lake Las Vegas include The Westin Lake Las Vegas Resort & Spa, Luxury Lake Las Vegas Condo with Resort Amenities! and Hilton Lake Las Vegas Resort & Spa. What are the best hotels in Las Vegas near Harry Reid International? Travellers who stayed in Las Vegas near Harry Reid International (LAS) have said good things about Candlewood Suites - Las Vegas - E Tropicana, an IHG Hotel, Desert Rose Resort and Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Las Vegas - E Tropicana, an IHG Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Las Vegas? Hampton Inn Las Vegas Strip South, NV 89123, The Berkley, Las Vegas and Marriott's Grand Chateau are some of the popular hotels in Las Vegas. What hotels in Las Vegas offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Las Vegas that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Circa Resort & Casino - Adults Only, Hampton Inn Las Vegas Strip South, NV 89123 and Residence Inn by Marriott Las Vegas Airport. What hotels in Las Vegas are good for couples? These hotels in Las Vegas are highly rated by couples: Residence Inn Las Vegas South/Henderson, The ENGLiSH Hotel, Las Vegas, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel and Hampton Inn Las Vegas Strip South, NV 89123. What hotels in Las Vegas have nice views? TownePlace Suites by Marriott Las Vegas North I-15, Residence Inn by Marriott Las Vegas Airport and Circa Resort & Casino - Adults Only have received great reviews from travellers in Las Vegas regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Take a Chance in Sin City Famed for its glamorous casinos, celebrity visitors and endless streams of entertainment, Las Vegas buzzes with activity 24/7. Located in the heart of the Nevada desert, this city is called the Entertainment Capital of the World for a reason. You can stroll down Fremont Street in old Las Vegas like a member of the Rat Pack or act like a modern high-roller at Caesar’s Palace. Prepare for a long night as the neon lights of clubs and casinos will tempt you to sink into the world of gambling and music. Las Vegas is renowned for its fine dining, great shopping and live performances of famous artists and comedians. Right from the moment you leave McCarran International Airport you can try your luck at a slot machine, but you might want to wait until you get to the Las Vegas strip and the dozens of larger than life casinos.When you’re ready for a break from the bustle of the city, visit the nearby Hoover Dam with the largest man-made lake, Lake Mead. Whichever type of accommodation you choose, whether a skyscraper hotel or a design city apartment, you’ll never run out of fantastic activities in Sin City and Booking.com has the perfect accommodation for your holiday. Learn more about visiting Las Vegas 409 attractions 71 points of interest 10 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Las Vegas: 8.0 My wife and I go to Las Vegas once a year, normally in the... My wife and I go to Las Vegas once a year, normally in the summer, but this year we took a second trip during Thanksgiving. As for Las Vegas itself it a good place to have some fun and gamble a bit, do something different. What is discouraging us from wanting to go back are the prices for food and beverages. $6.00 for a bottle of water is absurd, even the name brand fast food restaurants like McDonald's and Taco Bell, add a dollar of two to a meal there. Its like Las Vegas is trying to make up all the money lost during COVID in one year. I has gotten to a point we might start looking around for a slightly cheaper place to do our yearly vacations. I like Las Vegas, but its pricing me out of the city. William United States 10 I enjoyed Fremont Street, which I experienced everyday of my... I enjoyed Fremont Street, which I experienced everyday of my visit; I just couldn't get enough of it due to it being so much to do and see. I ate at the Heart Attack Grill and omg it was amazing I loved it and I would call that my favorite restaurant at this point. I didn't have a hard time getting around because everything is within walking distance around the Fermont area and the uber drivers were very friendly, polite, and informative. I don't have no complaints at all. My stay was amazing especially it being my first time traveling alone. AMAZING!!!! Tamika United States 8.0 Las Vegas offers something for everyone. Las Vegas offers something for everyone. Besides gambling, there are all types of shows / entertainment, world-class dining, golf, shooting, driving exotic cars on a racetrack ... You name it, you can do it. There are rooms in all price categories, from the basics to six-star dream suites. The airport is convenient and ingress/egress is quick, even at busy periods. Gtkyl United States 8.0 Things to do: the city is all about casinos, restaurants,... Things to do: the city is all about casinos, restaurants, fancy stores, and shows. I would only recommend you to go if you are attracted to these types of entertainment. At the main street, Las Vegas Boulevard, is where you find all the pretty hotels, and inside them are the restaurants and casinos. There are also restaurants and stores outside the hotels, but it is worth it to explore the inside decor of them. Outside the main street where all the prettiest hotels are, there is actually nothing to do. So, if you're not planning to play at the gambling machines, the best to do is to eat well and explore the decor of the hotels inside - which was what I did. Budget trip: if you're on a budget, there are also some fast food options and not-so-cheap motels. Moving around: prepare yourself to walk through crowded sidewalks or spend a long time in traffic. I saw a lot of families struggling to walk with baby carriages due to the amount of people and narrow spaces. Hotels: not that expensive at first when you search through accommodation apps, but be aware that they all have "resort fee" and high taxes that are added to the room price, so at the end it becomes quite expensive. Shows: if you're interested in watching shows, book them in advance before arriving there, because they get sold out fast and it's almost impossible to book the best ones at the same day or one day before. Leticia M Brazil 10 We loved Caesar's Palace location on the Las Vegas Strip. We loved Caesar's Palace location on the Las Vegas Strip. We enjoyed our first visit to the Sphere. Food is great everywhere in Las Vegas. I would avoid coming to Vegas around F1 as the streets still had a lot of the left over equipment. Robert United States 8.0 Very expensive, not many low-cost eating establishments, so... Very expensive, not many low-cost eating establishments, so be prepared to spend. Loved the night time light displays, daytime was too hectic with traffic and tourists. Some casinos were smoky, dark and busy. Loved the Bellagio and Park MGM, they had non-smoking casinos. The trams are lifesavers, they were extremely helpful in getting around the Strip, thanks Vegas! We don't gamble, so we did a lot of walking and looking at the amazing light and water displays. Was not happy with the push for tips by entertainers walking the Strip. Their tips were way over the top, and you don't find out how much they want until after the photo op, then it's a haggle/argument. Floyd United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Las Vegas See all Trump International Hotel Las Vegas Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 161 per night 8.7 Fabulous 7,327 reviews One of the best hotels I've ever stayed in my life!!! The staffs were first of all super super super nice. The room itself was very spacious & clean. It had everything I needed. The bathroom was really nice! The toilet and the shower were separated. I loved the bathtub but it was a pity that I didn't have time to use it actually :D. I loved the pool SO MUCH! The location was perfect as it was not in the strip but also not far from the strip. It was very quiet. I would like to stay here next time when I visit Las Vegas! Show more Show less HyeHyun Germany The Venetian® Resort Las Vegas Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 204 per night 8.7 Fabulous 11,525 reviews This hotel has to be seen to be believed. It's huge and there's so much to explore. We loved visiting the Venetian landmarks like St Mark's square and the Doge's palace! We had the most basic room and it was luxurious and made for a really nice stay. If you're happy to eat at random times, you can make the most of happy hour deals. We had some of the best food for much cheaper than we were expecting to pay. We loved having a breakfast burrito at Canonita's and aperitifs at Brera. Show more Show less Martha Homfray-Cooper United Kingdom The Platinum Hotel Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 228 per night 8.5 Very good 3,390 reviews Fantastic hotel in downtown Las Vegas. Huge room, very comfortable, with a balcony and a great view of the surroundings. Just a few steps to the heart of Vegas. The hotel is quiet and peaceful, although located in the center. Breakfast is only available on selected days of the week, but this is not a problem - you can get it in the neighboring hotel. Definitely worth recommending. Show more Show less Bogusław Poland Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 46 per night 7.7 Good 17,521 reviews I felt I was just landing in Paris when I entered in Paris Las Vegas Hotel. Hotel room is very clean, and the bed is very comfortable. The facilities of the hotel are excellent. Swimming pool area are gorgeous. The best experience is eating in a few French restaurants, and they were so delicious. Love this Hotel so much. Show more Show less Bo Canada Ellis Island Hotel Casino & Brewery Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 42 per night 7.7 Good 7,178 reviews For those who loves Las Vegas and like to walk, this hotel is very well located. The prices are cheap compared with the main hotels on the strip, but it has all the comfort you need for a pleasant stay. I totally recommend and for sure is my home in future visits to LV. Show more Show less Marlond Portugal Desert Rose Resort Hotel in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 121 per night 8.8 Fabulous 4,650 reviews It was hard to find an affordable hotel in Las Vegas, but still have the comfortable and luxury stay of Las Vegas. Desert Rose was the perfect fit for this. The location was perfect, 5 min walk and you’re on the strip. Nice staff and good looking room and bathroom. Show more Show less Rudolf Netherlands Downtown Grand Hotel & Casino Hotel in Las Vegas From CAD 58 per night 7.9 Good 9,264 reviews Fantastic location in downtown Las Vegas. The hotel is situated a short walk to Fremont St where you will find restaurants, shops, casinos etc. The casino situated within the hotel is great too. Staff were friendly and always willing to help even when gambling! Show more Show less Aman United Kingdom The LINQ Hotel and Casino Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 30 per night 7.0 Good 10,455 reviews I love everything about the hotel, everything is very comfortable and very easy to access. It's a pity I couldn't be in the pool but that will be for the next time. I think the best thing is that the hotel is very central next to Las Vegas Bvld. Show more Show less Sandra United States Tru By Hilton Las Vegas Airport NV Hotel in Las Vegas From CAD 142 per night 8.5 Very good 875 reviews Everything was so close to the strip...and especially to tge las vegas sign...it's a very nice and quiet place. And the cleaning was more than good...I would never ever choose a hotel on the strip they are so dirty..this hotel I would choose it again Show more Show less Cornelia Italy Bellagio Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 217 per night 8.4 Very good 7,982 reviews It was a perfect location & is one of the best hotel in Las Vegas. Stayed for 03 nights with my wife and experience was marvellous. Every staff right from bell desk was courteous. Would 100% stay again. Show more Show less SANKET India Excalibur Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 28 per night 7.5 Good 24,144 reviews The pool was the best part. The food inside the hotel was not as good. But it's there if you don't wanna walk around. Overall, you do pay for what you get. Cheap. Show more Show less Vue Cindy United States OYO Hotel and Casino Las Vegas Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 23 per night 6.4 Review score 7,210 reviews Convenient location and cheaper than anywhere else but you can pay cash... With a 300$ deposit. I think only hotel that does that option on the strip. Show more Show less t United States Caesars Palace Hotel & Casino Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 108 per night 7.4 Good 9,786 reviews Everything!! Without doubt the best hotel / casino on the strip. Heritage, luxury, shopping, gambling, shows.. excellent!! Show more Show less Andrew United Kingdom Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 32 per night 6.5 Review score 27,405 reviews The pool and slides and circus acrobats show was the best part of this hotel. Was reasonable cheaper prices than other hotels. Show more Show less Sahni New Zealand Luxor Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas From CAD 28 per night 7.4 Good 20,489 reviews it’s value and casual environment! Also, was still very modern and clean for being one of the cheaper hotels on the strip! Show more Show less Anonymous United States Hampton Inn Tropicana Hotel in Las Vegas From CAD 132 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,336 reviews Breakfast and pool area nice. Not hotel's fault, but don't stay here if thinking cheaper than staying on Strip. Show more Show less broccolilady New Zealand Circa Resort & Casino - Adults Only Hotel in Las Vegas From CAD 161 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,900 reviews The best hotel in Las Vegas hands down!! Show more Show less Taylor United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Las Vegas Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Hotels in Nevada Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Motels in Las Vegas More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Las Vegas More great accommodation options for your trip. Hostels in Las Vegas More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Las Vegas Strip Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Downtown Las Vegas - Fremont Street Explore Las Vegas while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels near Monorail - Flamingo/ Caesar's Palace Station Perfect for local transport links. Hotels near Hoover Dam Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Las Vegas Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1870380,1847760,1846890,1870380|3,1871440,1870380|7,1866460,1847760|3