The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Seoul, South Korea - Seoul hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Seoul Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Seoul hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels South Korea Seoul Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Seoul – 545 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Hotel Skypark Central Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Hotel Skypark Central Myeongdong is a branch of Skypark Hotel Group, 250 metres from Euljiro 1-ga Station on the Seoul Subway Line 2. Show more 7.9 Good 1,781 reviews Price fromCAD 131.76per night Check availability Nine Tree Premier Hotel Insadong Hotel in Jongno-Gu, Seoul Located in Seoul, 60 metres from Jogyesa Temple, Nine Tree Premier Hotel Insadong features air-conditioned rooms and a fitness centre. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 2,268 reviews Price fromCAD 170.33per night Check availability Hotel Skypark Kingstown Dongdaemun Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Hotel Skypark Kingstown Dongdaemun enjoys a prime location 350 metres from Dongdaemun Subway Station (Line 1 and 4) and just a few steps away from Dongdaemun shopping district. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,656 reviews Price fromCAD 186.52per night Check availability Stay Hotel Gangnam Hotel in Gangnam-Gu, Seoul Stay Hotel Gangnam is conveniently locate 100 metres from Exit 3 of Yeoksam Subway Station (Line 2) and just a block away from Gangnam Financial Center. Show more 7.9 Good 1,128 reviews Price fromCAD 174.95per night Check availability Hotel28 Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Designed with a cinematic theme, Hotel28 Myeongdong is Korea's first hotel to be a member of Small Luxury Hotels of the World Ltd. Show more 9.2 Superb 1,447 reviews Price fromCAD 296.06per night Check availability GLAD Yeouido Hotel in Yeongdeungpo-Gu, Seoul GLAD Hotel Yeouido Seoul is conveniently located right outside of Exit 4 of National Assembly Subway Station (Line 9) and offers a 24-hour fitness centre. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,097 reviews Price fromCAD 178.12per night Check availability Grand Hyatt Seoul Hotel in Yongsan-Gu, Seoul Grand Hyatt Seoul has an ice skating rink and swimming pools. The hotel is surrounded by Namsan Mountain and Han River. Show more 8.0 Very good 1,620 reviews Price fromCAD 372.67per night Check availability Nine Tree Hotel Dongdaemun Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Nine Tree Hotel Dongdaemun is situated in Seoul, 400 metres from Bangsan Market and 800 metres from Gwangjang Market. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 1,378 reviews Price fromCAD 151.33per night Check availability Fraser Place Central Seoul Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Offering well-furnished apartments overlooking the city, Fraser Central Seoul is a 10-minute walk from the Seodaemoon and Seoul Subway Stations. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 1,316 reviews Price fromCAD 200.87per night Check availability Shilla Stay Guro Hotel in Dongjak-Gu, Seoul Open from February 2016, Shilla Stay Guro is conveniently located a 5-minute walk from Exit 6 of Guro Digital Complex Subway Station on Line 2. Show more 8.0 Very good 1,377 reviews Price fromCAD 117.86per night Check availability See all 552 hotels in Seoul Cheapest time to stay in Seoul In February you can stay in Seoul for an average price of CA$116 per night CA$231CA$185CA$139CA$92CA$46CA$0 CA$119 Jan CA$116 Feb CA$130 Mar CA$147 Apr CA$146 May CA$154 Jun CA$155 Jul CA$153 Aug CA$156 Sep CA$180 Oct CA$169 Nov CA$159 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Seoul in the past month See all Fairfield by Marriott Seoul Hotel in Yeongdeungpo-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 7.8 Good · 1,239 reviews LOTTE City Hotel Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 8.4 Very good · 3,671 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Josun, Seoul Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 8.6 Fabulous · 2,383 reviews Toyoko Inn Seoul Yeongdeungpo Hotel in Yeongdeungpo-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 8.4 Very good · 1,689 reviews Toyoko Inn Seoul Gangnam Hotel in Seocho-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 8.3 Very good · 2,649 reviews Best Western Premier Gangnam Hotel Hotel in Gangnam-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 8.0 Very good · 1,289 reviews Hotel Skypark Central Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 7.9 Good · 1,781 reviews ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeong-dong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 7.8 Good · 1,541 reviews Nine Tree Premier Hotel Myeongdong 2 Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 8.6 Fabulous · 2,794 reviews L7 Hongdae Hotel in Mapo-Gu, Seoul Popular with guests booking hotels in Seoul 8.4 Very good · 3,165 reviews Seoul's best hotels with breakfast See all Nine Tree Hotel Dongdaemun Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Breakfast options Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Nine Tree Hotel Dongdaemun is situated in Seoul, 400 metres from Bangsan Market and 800 metres from Gwangjang Market. The view was sick honestly. Great location. 10/10 Avg. price/night: CAD 168.14 8.7 Fabulous · 1,378 reviews Nine Tree Premier Hotel Insadong Hotel in Jongno-Gu, Seoul Breakfast options Located in Seoul, 60 metres from Jogyesa Temple, Nine Tree Premier Hotel Insadong features air-conditioned rooms and a fitness centre. The location was perfect to go everywhere in Seoul!! Avg. price/night: CAD 189.25 8.6 Fabulous · 2,268 reviews Sotetsu Fresa Inn Seoul Myeong-dong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Breakfast options Well located in the Jung-Gu district of Seoul, Sotetsu Fresa Inn Seoul Myeong-dong is set 1.6 km from Namdaemun Market, 1.7 km from Bangsan Market and 1.8 km from Jongmyo Shrine. very convenient and close to everything myeong-dong. Avg. price/night: CAD 153.21 8.7 Fabulous · 1,627 reviews Holiday Inn Express Seoul Hongdae, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Mapo-Gu, Seoul Breakfast options Located in Seoul, Holiday Inn Express Seoul Hongdae has a number of amenities including a fitness centre and free WiFi. Great location, clean and neat room. Laundry facility. Avg. price/night: CAD 214.19 8.6 Fabulous · 1,951 reviews Novotel Ambassador Seoul Dongdaemun Hotels & Residences Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Breakfast options Just a 4-minute walk from Exit 12 of Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station, Novotel Ambassador Seoul Dongdaemun Hotels & Residences in Seoul features 5-star accommodation with a fitness centre and... Good size room - comfortable bed. Nice bar and pool facilities Avg. price/night: CAD 271.01 8.3 Very good · 1,168 reviews L7 Hongdae Hotel in Mapo-Gu, Seoul Breakfast options Situated in Mapo-Gu district of Seoul, L7 Hongdae by LOTTE features various facilities including a restaurant, a fitness centre and a bar. Free WiFi is available. The service and location are really good and convenient. Avg. price/night: CAD 235.48 8.4 Very good · 3,165 reviews Hotel Thomas Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Breakfast options Featuring an on-site business centre and free WiFi in all areas, Hotel Thomas Myeongdong is located a 3-minute walk from exits 7 and 8 of City Hall Subway Station (Line 1 and 2). So clean, very nice crew everywhere and all the time. Avg. price/night: CAD 189.75 8.6 Fabulous · 1,824 reviews L7 Gangnam Hotel in Gangnam-Gu, Seoul Breakfast options Located only a 3-minute walk away from Seolleung Subway Station (Line 2 and Bundang Line), L7 Gangnam features a fitness centre, conference rooms and a restaurant. The team is extremely helpful and the facility very clean Avg. price/night: CAD 176.73 8.4 Very good · 1,684 reviews Budget hotels in Seoul See all Toyoko Inn Seoul Yeongdeungpo Hotel in Yeongdeungpo-Gu, Seoul Budget Hotel Conveniently situated in the Yeongdeungpo-Gu district of Seoul, Toyoko Inn Seoul Yeongdeungpo is set 5.8 km from Gasan Digital Complex, 5.9 km from Gasan Digital Complex Station and 6.2 km from Hongik... Clean rooms, good view. Very close to Singil subway station. Avg. price/night: CAD 102.48 8.4 Very good · 1,689 reviews Shilla Stay Guro Hotel in Dongjak-Gu, Seoul Budget Hotel Open from February 2016, Shilla Stay Guro is conveniently located a 5-minute walk from Exit 6 of Guro Digital Complex Subway Station on Line 2. Price paid for the room is really value for money. Avg. price/night: CAD 117.86 8.0 Very good · 1,376 reviews Arirang Hill Hotel Dongdaemun Hotel in Seoul Budget Hotel The Arirang Hill Hotel Dongdaemun is located a minute’s walk from Exit 6 of Sungshin Women’s University Subway Station (Line 4). WiFi and on-site parking are offered here free of charge. Location, everything is near. Staff is very helpful. Avg. price/night: CAD 149.58 8.6 Fabulous · 1,438 reviews LOTTE City Hotel Guro Hotel in Guro-Gu, Seoul Budget Hotel Located in the Guro Digital Complex that offers a variety of shops and restaurants, LOTTE City Hotel Guro is a luxurious hotel. Comfortable place and clean. Very silent place and nice Avg. price/night: CAD 116.49 8.7 Fabulous · 1,063 reviews Le Mong Hotel -Mong Hotel in Jongno-Gu, Seoul Budget Hotel 022, Mong Hotel is being reborn as Le Mong Hotel. Your own hotel that you stumbled upon in a small European city. Good location, clean and spacious rooms. Aircon and heating Avg. price/night: CAD 124.22 8.2 Very good · 1,017 reviews LOTTE City Hotel Gimpo Airport Hotel in Gangseo-Gu, Seoul Budget Hotel Situated within Lotte Shopping Mall Gimpo Airport, LOTTE City Hotel Gimpo Airport is just 5 minutes' walk from Gimpo Airport Station (Line 5 and 9, Exit 2). location was perfect for us. room was large and sufficient. Avg. price/night: CAD 170.81 8.4 Very good · 1,243 reviews Hotel Skypark Myeongdong 3 Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Budget Hotel Hotel Skypark Myeongdong 3 is a branch of Skypark Hotel Group, situated right in front of Myeongdong Subway Station (Line 4). Perfect location to airport bus, shopping street and food Avg. price/night: CAD 177.61 8.2 Very good · 1,344 reviews LOTTE City Hotel Mapo Hotel in Mapo-Gu, Seoul Budget Hotel LOTTE City Hotel Mapo is located above five levels of shops and clinics, and offers an indoor pool, a fitness centre and a car park. Location was great and the family room was spacious. Avg. price/night: CAD 167.39 8.4 Very good · 1,117 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Seoul See all Tong Tong Petit Hotel Hotel in Jongno-Gu, Seoul Central location Tong Tong Petit Hotel features air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen TV in the Jongno-Gu district of Seoul. Everything was in accordance with my expectations. 9.1 Superb · 269 reviews Hotel Firststay Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Central location Situated in Seoul and within 1.1 km of Myeongdong Station, Hotel Firststay Myeongdong has a terrace, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi. Location was good. Stuff were always very helpful 9.0 Superb · 1,114 reviews K'STAY Sinchon Hotel in Seodaemun-Gu, Seoul Central location K'STAY Sinchon features air-conditioned rooms with cable flat-screen TV in the Seodaemun-Gu district of Seoul. Location. Clean. Privacy. Comfortable. Not expensive. 9.0 Superb · 241 reviews Moxy Seoul Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Central location Attractively located in Seoul, Moxy Seoul Myeongdong features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and private parking. This 3-star hotel offers a bar. Amazing team, perfect płace to spend your vacation! Avg. price/night: CAD 273.29 8.9 Fabulous · 367 reviews L'Escape Hotel Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Central location L'Escape Hotel is situated in Seoul and has a fitness centre and a bar. Boasting a 24-hour front desk, this property also provides guests with a restaurant. Free WiFi is at guests' disposal. Location is amazing, room was spacious and beautiful. Avg. price/night: CAD 302.90 8.9 Fabulous · 761 reviews Lotte Hotel Seoul Executive Tower Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Central location Grand opening from September 2018, Lotte Hotel The Executive Tower features accommodation with city views. Complimentary high-speed wired and wireless internet are available. Awesome hotel and helped out with a medical issue. Avg. price/night: CAD 551.13 8.9 Fabulous · 545 reviews Daeyoung Hotel Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Central location Situated in Seoul and with Myeongdong Station reachable within 700 metres, Daeyoung Hotel Myeongdong features concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a garden, free WiFi throughout the property and a... Everything fine, staff ok, nice room and well cleaned Avg. price/night: CAD 75.47 8.9 Fabulous · 458 reviews Metro Hotel Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul Central location Established in 1960, Metro Hotel is the first government-registered tourist hotel that has been providing comfortable and convenient rooms for both international and domestic visitors. Great location Excellent facilities. Lovely staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 182.88 8.8 Fabulous · 722 reviews FAQs about hotels in Seoul How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Seoul? On average, 3-star hotels in Seoul cost CAD 174 per night, and 4-star hotels in Seoul are CAD 244 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Seoul can on average be found for CAD 511 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Seoul for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Seoul this weekend is CAD 245 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 306. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Seoul for this weekend cost on average around CAD 612 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Seoul for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 146 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Seoul for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 197 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Seoul will cost around CAD 430 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Seoul are good for families? Many families visiting Seoul loved staying at Mangrove Dongdaemun, Four Seasons Hotel Seoul and Signiel Seoul. What are the best hotels in Seoul near Dongdaemun Gate- Heunginjimun? Some of the best hotels in Seoul near Dongdaemun Gate- Heunginjimun include Just4u Guesthouse, HAH Guesthouse and Mangrove Dongdaemun. What are the best hotels in Seoul near Incheon International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Seoul near Incheon International Airport (ICN) have said good things about Grand Hyatt Incheon, Paradise City and Terminal 2 Transit Hotel Incheon Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Seoul? Hotel28 Myeongdong, Mercure Ambassador Seoul Hongdae and Hotel Firststay Myeongdong are some of the popular hotels in Seoul. What hotels in Seoul offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Seoul that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Shilla Seoul, Signiel Seoul and Four Points by Sheraton Josun, Seoul Myeongdong. What hotels in Seoul are good for couples? These hotels in Seoul are highly rated by couples: Signiel Seoul, Four Seasons Hotel Seoul and Hotel28 Myeongdong. What hotels in Seoul have nice views? Signiel Seoul, The Shilla Seoul and Four Seasons Hotel Seoul have received great reviews from travellers in Seoul regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Learn more about visiting Seoul 156 attractions 581 points of interest 30 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Seoul City trip 28,695 reviews Sightseeing 8,195 reviews Food trip 22,883 reviews Shopping 9,541 reviews Theme Parks 280 reviews Nightlife 431 reviews What guests said about Seoul: 10 Many people recommended some places for sightseeing and... Many people recommended some places for sightseeing and shopping. Those are nice. Meanwhile, I explored some more interesting places who drew me more attentions. It is the nature of Seoul. If you have energy and some time, you should not miss the Mountain View and temple staying experience in Seoul. The Peak of a mountain in Seoul was one of my best memory in this journey. Of course, you find a lot of great street food and sweets. I also recommend visiting the national museum and art gallery, where you can get to know the history and Korean style art works. Yuen Yi Germany 10 Seoul's cultural treasures are a feast for the senses. Seoul's cultural treasures are a feast for the senses. The Gyeongbokgung Palace, with its majestic architecture and the changing of the guard ceremony, transports visitors to the Joseon Dynasty. The Bukchon Hanok Village showcases well-preserved traditional Korean houses, providing a glimpse into the city's architectural heritage. Modern cultural hubs like the Dongdaemun Design Plaza and the Seoul Arts Center add a contemporary flair to the city's cultural scene. The food we tasted was the chicken with ginseng, the bolgogi, and more. We love all the food. Abigail Philippines 10 I have been to Seoul many times and each time I fall more in... I have been to Seoul many times and each time I fall more in love with the city. South Korea as a whole is a fantastic country but few cities in the world can compare to Seoul. No matter what you like to do or want to see, there is something for you in Seoul. Museums, cafes, clubs, restaurants, shopping, nature, heritage, history and more are all available and easy to access. The people are kind and the public transport is vast and useful. If you had to pick one place in Asia to visit, I would highly recommend Seoul. Jesse Anna United Kingdom 10 Amazing city and People. Amazing city and People. Really huge 1 week was to short to do all the thing. The Subway is perfect to do lot of thing, quick and easy to understand for a cheap price. Past and present in the city are mix pretty good. 10 It's a huge city, with a lot of entertaining places and... It's a huge city, with a lot of entertaining places and beautiful views. I only stayed for 6 days and I think I should come back because I barely managed to visit a few places, I would recommend at least two weeks in Seoul. The people don't usually speak in English but they're very respectful and nice. The city is extremely clean and very safe, there is cctv everywhere. I would definitely go back someday. Oumaima Morocco 4.0 I love Asia and have seen many countries. I love Asia and have seen many countries. I have been to the Southern part of South Korea and found this great, so I thought I would see the capital city. Sadly, the Koreans have made the holiday experience difficult for foreigners: there is very little information in any other language than the local Korean. When I looked for things to do and places to see, I was somewhat disappointed by the sights suggested to tourists. The recommended Bukchon Hanok village was nowhere near what the website made it out to be. I would recommend NOT staying in Seoul, but rather getting out to the surrounding villages/cities. Oup Australia Explore guest reviews of hotels in Seoul See all New Seoul Hotel Myeongdong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul From CAD 104 per night 7.9 Good 949 reviews It’s about 10-15 mins away from Lotte department, Myeongdong shopping street, Deoksugung palace, City Hall train station, Olive Young, No brand burger, Mcdonald’s, several convenience stores, cheap delicious Korean restaurants, local coffee shops (ex. Ediya coffee), 3 Starbucks stores, Cheongye stream, Egg drop, and Airport Limousine bus stop. Then about 20-30 minutes away from the Gyeongbokgung palace where you can get in free if you rent from one from the Hanbok rentals nearby. Show more Show less Iris Philippines Khan Residence Gangnam-Gu, Seoul From CAD 93 per night 8.7 Fabulous 324 reviews The host was there at the building and helped us check in. Otherwise - I think this is one of the best, if not the best place to stay in Gangnam/Southern Seoul. Conveniently located next to Starfield and one of the main metro stations, it's such a great value for money. It was near the end of our 10 days in Korea so we took advantage of the washing machine as well to wash some of our clothing. Very comfy bed as well. Show more Show less Kal Dimitrov Bulgaria Amare Hotel Jongno Hotel in Jongno-Gu, Seoul From CAD 114 per night 8.5 Very good 739 reviews We were pleasantly surprised at how large the rooms at Hotel Amare were. The location is very convenient and sits in between all the major sightseeing/shopping areas like Ikseon-dong, Myeongdong, Gwang Jang Market, Hongdae and Gangnam. The hotel customer service was absolutely wonderful and they were very kind, helping us with our laundry needs, extra towels and organising a taxi to the airport early in the morning. Show more Show less Rachel Australia ibis Styles Ambassador Seoul Myeong-dong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul From CAD 104 per night 7.8 Good 1,541 reviews Staff were very nice and understanding. The hotel is a very close to Myeongdong station which is really convenient.The Emart outside is well stocked if you forget something or want to save some money and buy some breakfast there. It was a nice place to stay overnight before catching the KTX the next day. Really quiet during the night and the air con was easy to control in the hot korean summer. Show more Show less Emily South Korea L7 Gangnam Hotel in Gangnam-Gu, Seoul From CAD 166 per night 8.4 Very good 1,679 reviews Great location if you are looking to stay in the Gangnam area. Close to metro line, bus line and walking a block across Teheran-ro from L7 are plenty of restaurants. KAL limo bus from Incheon drops you right outside the hotel. Room was spacious, very clean, modern decor with thoughtful amenities such as a multi-cord charger and Malin+Goetz toiletries. Will definitely stay at L7 again! Show more Show less Fern L United States The Shilla Seoul Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul From CAD 433 per night 9.0 Superb 816 reviews Kind and professional staff, clean rooms, excellent food, attention to details, wonderful music playing everywhere, best smart toilet we experienced in hotels across the Korea, comfortable bed, gym has all facilities even gym clothes is provided, stunning view on Namsan Seoul Tower and park. We also used Urban Garden for additional charge, it is great and staff is very helpful. Show more Show less Alexandra United Kingdom Patio 7 Hotel in Gangnam-Gu, Seoul From CAD 134 per night 7.7 Good 237 reviews The location of the hotel is convenient if you want to stay in Gangnam area. There are a lot of restaurants and cafes around, and close to different transportations to get to other areas in the neighbourhood and around the city. The room was clean and bright. The room was cleaned every day and bathrobe is provided. Amenities and water is provided every day. The bed was huge. Show more Show less Beatrice Spain Four Seasons Hotel Seoul Hotel in Jongno-Gu, Seoul From CAD 522 per night 9.2 Superb 738 reviews Absolut excellence of personnel throughout every position. But the best of them all is the cleaning crew who paid attention to every single detail. The rooms are elegant and generous and the bed very comfortable. Everything was to our fullest satisfaction and we would return to South Korea just for the Hotel. Show more Show less Tobias Switzerland GLAD Mapo Hotel in Mapo-Gu, Seoul From CAD 166 per night 8.7 Fabulous 2,714 reviews Loved the option to stay in a heated or air conditioned room, as I find Korean hotels to typically be too hot. I also liked the plentiful shelves for organizing my things in the room. Aside from the room, having a convenience store on the lobby level was PERFECT. Everyone should do that. Show more Show less Nicole United States Lotte Hotel Seoul Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul From CAD 326 per night 8.5 Very good 1,806 reviews - Location . - Staff speaks English fluently. - Good view . - i read many complains regarding room space so i was really concerned but Fortunately it was spacious enough. I used to stay in other Hotel when i come to Seoul. but now definitely my go-to hotel will be Lotte Hotel Seoul. Show more Show less Bedor Saudi Arabia Ananti at Gangnam Hotel in Gangnam-Gu, Seoul From CAD 473 per night 8.7 Fabulous 431 reviews Ananti at Gangnam is spectacular. Easily one of the most beautiful hotels I have stayed at. The workout facilities and pools were phenomenal. The room was exceptional. The staff were kind and accommodating. I would be delighted to stay there or at another Ananti property in the future. Show more Show less Sarah United States The State Sunyu Hotel in Yeongdeungpo-Gu, Seoul From CAD 141 per night 8.4 Very good 796 reviews super new and clean, really spacious. lots of charging points too, with USB ports in case you don’t have a travel charger! it’s a good place to stay if you go to hapjeong/hongdae or gangnam often. takes about 45min from Incheon Airport to the hotel! Show more Show less Yi Ting Sharmain Singapore Hause Itaewon Yongsan-Gu, Seoul From CAD 24 per night 7.6 Good 488 reviews Front staff was nice, and of course it's very cheap. If you do need a place to stay with a very limited budget then you can go here. Although it's the worst place I've been to in about 15 different hostels and hotels in Korea. Show more Show less Anonymous South Korea TwoTwo House Mapo-Gu, Seoul From CAD 88 per night 8.9 Fabulous 213 reviews Two two house was one of our best experience in the whole of South Korea, comfy beds, clean interior, huge rooms, amazing outstanding staff and communication, unbelievable good vibes and extraordinary location for a very good price Show more Show less Gianni Verschaete Netherlands GLAD Gangnam COEX Center Hotel in Gangnam-Gu, Seoul From CAD 186 per night 8.2 Very good 1,613 reviews this is second time we staying in this hotel, the location is the best as it is close to samsung station and close to coex ,easy access to airport bus services, close to gangnam station, can get around easy with subway or bus Show more Show less Namunip Australia Grand Hyatt Seoul Hotel in Yongsan-Gu, Seoul From CAD 445 per night 8.0 Very good 1,620 reviews Absolutely amazing view of Namsan Tower. Was a wonderful finish for our South Korea trip. Delicious food at the hotel’s restaurant and beautiful room with a window view of Namsan Tower was just a dream come true. Show more Show less Karolina United Kingdom HOTEL DADA INSADONG Jongno-Gu, Seoul From CAD 85 per night 7.2 Good 79 reviews Hotel Dada is steps away from wonderful cafes and restaurants. It is a wonderful place to stay if you want to experience traditional Korean culture. An added bonus: the staff is so nice and accommodating. Show more Show less Anonymous South Korea Sotetsu Fresa Inn Seoul Myeong-dong Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul From CAD 140 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,627 reviews The location of the hotel is very convenient, the room is clean, the staff at the counter are very considerate, and the service is warm. I will choose to stay next time I go to Korea。 Show more Show less CHIAPEI Taiwan Lotte Hotel Seoul Executive Tower Hotel in Jung-Gu, Seoul From CAD 426 per night 8.9 Fabulous 545 reviews Very comfortable 5 star hotel in central Seoul that met all my expectations for being one of the best hotels in the world Show more Show less CHARLES United States Oakwood Premier Coex Center Gangnam-Gu, Seoul From CAD 324 per night 8.6 Fabulous 283 reviews The gym and sauna were the best out of all the hotels I’ve been to in Korea Show more Show less Neika United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hostels in Seoul Explore more great accommodation options in Seoul, starting with hostels. Guest Houses in Seoul More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Seoul More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Incheon Find more hotels in a city close to Incheon. Hotels in Suwon Find more hotels in a city close to Suwon. Hotels near Dongguk University Ilsan Hospital Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Yeonsung University Search and compare hotels close to Yeonsung University, a popular destination just outside Seoul. Hotels in Myeong-dong Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Hongdae Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Seoul Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|3,1833870,1847760|3,1871440,1866460,1870380,1846890,1847760,1870380|8