Top 5 places for winter sports in South Korea | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский 한국어 עברית Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Tiếng Việt Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Articles Sports & Fitness Top 5 places for winter sports in South Korea Top 5 places for winter sports in South Korea Sports & Fitness South Korea’s popularity as a winter sports travel destination seems to be ever on the up. Having gotten plenty of exposure during the Winter Olympics in 2018, its state-of-the-art ski resorts continue to attract snow sports enthusiasts from far and wide. Whether you choose to stay in the actual Olympic village, Alpensia, or a resort that’s reachable by subway from Seoul, you can expect high-quality snow, accessibility and modern facilities. What’s more, the diverse terrain makes for some stunning views and, for added thrills, many slopes in South Korea are lit up for night skiing. Read on for the best places to visit in South Korea for the winter sports season (which typically lasts from December until March). Pyeongchang Enjoy photogenic, snow-blanketed landscapes and a phenomenal winter sports offering in Pyeongchang Having hosted the Winter Olympics in 2018, the county of Pyeongchang is home to an impressive selection of world-class ski slopes, cross-country trails and jumps. Here amid the snow-covered Taebaek Mountains in Gangwon province, you’ll find a number of great resorts to choose from but the main ones are where most of the 2018 events were held. Alpensia formed the main Olympic village and hosted cross-country, ski jumping, bobsleigh, while YongPyong hosted mainly downhill slalom snow sport events. And Phoenix Pyeongchang, an Olympic venue that’s now a resort complex with a snow park and Mediterranean-themed water park. Don’t miss out on trying a traditional Korean jjimjilbang bathhouse or steam bath while you’re here, to soak and soothe your muscles before another day testing out Olympic slopes. Check into the highly rated Intercontinental Alpensia Pyeongchang Resort. Hongcheon Take a day trip to the themed slopes of Vivaldi Park Ski Resort Korea The city of Hongcheon is home to Vivaldi Park Ski World, a family-friendly winter wonderland that’s one of the most popular ski resorts in South Korea. It’s also not far from Pyeongchang and – at just over an-hour-and-a-half drive from Seoul – makes an easy day trip from the capital. Whether you’re an expert or a total newbie, Hongcheon offers a variety of slopes to choose from, as well as nighttime skiing options. But the best bit by far is the resort’s fun atmosphere – each slope is named after a particular music genre. Stay at Sono Felice Vivaldi Park. Chuncheon Elysian Gangchon is the only South Korean ski resort that’s reachable by subway from Seoul Just outside the city of Chuncheon, Elysian Gangchon is one of the top ski resorts in South Korea and also the only one that’s reachable by subway from Seoul. Though there are five intermediate pistes and two for experts, it tends to be more suited to beginners, with plenty of lessons available. When you’re not on the snow, tuck into local delicacies like steaming Makguksu (buckwheat noodles), sizzling Dak-galbi (stir-fried spicy chicken) or other local dishes like potato pancakes. The resort is also close to Nami Island and the Garden of Morning Calm, worthy add-ons to any ski trip. Wake up to incredible views while staying at LaHoya Pension in Chuncheon. Yongin Try sledding, skiing or snowboarding down scenic slopes at Yongin's Konjiam Resort Head to the city of Yongin and the nearby Konjiam Resort for an easy winter day trip from Seoul – the latter being the closest ski resort to the capital (getting here takes under an hour from the Gangnam area). Whether you want to go sledding, skiing or snowboarding, you’ll find several scenic slopes that cater to a range of abilities. Another reason to visit Yongin is Everland, the largest theme park in South Korea and home to ‘The Snow Buster’, a huge and thrilling snow-sledding ride. Make Hotel Thesoom Forest your base while in Yongin. Muju Ski amid the beautiful terrain of Deogyusan National Park in Muju Though Muju may have lost out to Pyeongchang to host the Winter Olympics 2018, Muju Deogyusan Resort is still a worthy contender for the position of South Korea’s top ski resort. Located within Deogyusan National Park, it’s surrounded by wild and breathtaking mountain terrain. It boasts Korea’s longest ski slope, called the Silk Road and running for 6.1 km from the top of Deogyusan Mountain. Muju Deogyusan Resort also has Korea’s steepest slope, known as the Raiders Slope. But for those not as confident on the snow, there are plenty of ski schools, and skiing and snowboarding options for beginners. When you’re not on the pistes, make the most of the resort’s family friendly attractions, visit the nearby ancient village of Jeonju or soak in an outdoor hot spring for some relaxation. Check into Muju Rejortel for great Korean food and mountain views. Search and discover more articles Search Explore travel categories Eat & Drink Sports & Fitness Travel tips Beach Nature Destinations Family travel Future of travel We picked these articles for you Europe’s finest and most scenic train journeys From the snow-capped peaks of the Alps to vast, navy blue Norwegian fjords. England’s most iconic music destinations Brush up your playlist and discover the places that inspired some of your favourite songs. 5 family-friendly road trips in Australia Featuring surfing, beautiful beaches, gourmet food and adventure. Top places in Japan to see cherry blossom For picture-perfect pink scenes and picnics, head to Japan for sakura season. 48 hours in Rome, Italy The perfect 2-day itinerary for visiting the Eternal City. The top 10 travel destinations for 2023 From spiritual seaside towns to artistic capitals and hidden gems. There's more to discover Most popular cities in South Korea Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account