The 10 best holiday rentals in Las Vegas, USA | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Holiday Rentals in Las Vegas For travellers looking to stay somewhere unique; your home-from-home accommodation awaits. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home All holiday rentals United States Nevada Las Vegas The 10 Best Holiday Rentals in Las Vegas, USA Check out our pick of great short term rentals in Las Vegas Show hotels on map Filter by: Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates 2100 SqFt Penthouse Suite W/ Strip Views! POOL GYM Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Set in Las Vegas, 1.3 km from Bellagio Fountains and 600 metres from the centre, 2100 SqFt Penthouse Suite W/ Strip Views! POOL GYM offers air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi, and a rooftop pool. With pool views, this accommodation features a balcony. The aparthotel features parking on-site, a hot tub and a lift. Marco Germany It was amazing. Wonderful suite, wonderful balcony with a nice view and a lot of space in the suite. From the hotel floor you can see „The Sphere“ 🤩. The host was always available by messages. All in all it was amazing and we had a very nice stay there! 100 % recommendation! Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 134 reviews Price from CAD 346 per night Check availability Las Vegas apartment Henderson, Las Vegas Attractively located in the Henderson district of Las Vegas, Las Vegas apartment is a sustainable apartment situated 10 km from Mandalay Bay Convention Center and 10 km from Shark Reef Aquarium. The property invites guests to reconnect with nature and encourages them to make eco-friendly travel choices. This property offers access to a terrace, free private parking and free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is set 13 km from Crystals Shopping Center. Donald United States Beautiful apartment attached to a private home in a very nice neighborhood in Henderson, NV. First house on the right when pull onto street, which also made it very easy to get to. Beautiful white, minimalist decor with some modern mood lighting. More affordable than most quality hotel rooms in Henderson and much more comfortable with 2 bedrooms, large kitchen, family room and bathroom. Absolutely understand why this apt. has an overall reviewer score of 9.9/10 and we are rating as a 10/10! Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 8 reviews Price from CAD 175 per night Check availability Stylish, Cozy 2BR,2BA Condo near Rio, Vegas Luxury West of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Featuring air-conditioned accommodation with a pool with a view, quiet street view and a patio, Stylish, Cozy 2BR,2BA Condo near Rio, Vegas Luxury is located in Las Vegas. In a prime location in the West of the Las Vegas Strip district, this apartment provides water sports facilities, as well as a fitness centre and an open-air bath. There is a sun terrace and guests can make use of free WiFi and free private parking. Jordan United States Beautiful property and nice pool area. It has plenty of lodging. It did the trick for a weekend getaway to Vegas. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 215 per night Check availability Beautiful Brand New 2 Bedroom Vegas Home! Fits 12 or more,15-20 minutes from LV Strip Las Vegas Offering a shared lounge and quiet street view, Beautiful Brand New 2 Bedroom Vegas Home! Fits 12 or more,15-20 minutes from LV Strip is located in Las Vegas, 23 km from Shark Reef Aquarium and 25 km from Crystals Shopping Center. This apartment offers free private parking, a shared kitchen and free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is set 23 km from Mandalay Bay Convention Center. Xue United States Very comfortable place for families with kids where you can enjoy the Las Vegas attractions and keep distance from casinos. Highly recommended Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 12 reviews Price from CAD 345 per night Check availability Nice Private Room Near Red Rock & Las Vegas Strip Summerlin, Las Vegas Nice Private Room Near Red Rock & Las Vegas Strip is set in the Summerlin district of Las Vegas, 14 km from Bellagio Fountains, 14 km from Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel and 15 km from Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area. The air-conditioned accommodation is 13 km from Forum Shops At Caesars Palace, and guests can benefit from private parking available on site and free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is situated 13 km from Colosseum at Caesars Palace. Frederick France House/room are really clean and quiet as the neighborhood. There's all amenities for a confortable stay. Bed is perfect. Your Host is a very nice/smart person with a beautiful open mind. I loved talking with him. A great encounter, I really wish I could stay longer. I'll bé back 😎 Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 19 reviews Price from CAD 73 per night Check availability MGM Signature-37-814 1Br 2Ba F1 Pits View Balcony Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas The spacious holiday home features a patio, 1 bedroom, a living room and a well-equipped kitchen with a microwave and a fridge. Towels and bed linen are featured in the holiday home. Bellagio Fountains is 1.4 km from the holiday home, while Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens is 1.5 km away. The nearest airport is Harry Reid International Airport, 1 km from MGM Signature-37-814 1Br 2Ba F1 Pits View Balcony. Daniele Canada I was expecting a good stay but definitely was the best in my life. It’s a luxury condo with all amenities, well cleaned, beautiful view, good access to main attractions. The bedroom was huge with amazing view. Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 9 reviews Price from CAD 118 per night Check availability MGM Signature-34-821 1Br2Ba F1 Strip View Balcony Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas The spacious holiday home has a patio, 1 bedroom, a living room and a well-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave. Towels and bed linen are offered in the holiday home. Bellagio Fountains is 1.4 km from the holiday home, while Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens is 1.5 km from the property. The nearest airport is Harry Reid International Airport, 1 km from MGM Signature-34-821 1Br2Ba F1 Strip View Balcony. Chad United States The location is fantastic! An easy walk to the strip but yet away from the hustle and bustle, crowds and noise. This corner unit is the prime location in the MGM Signature buildings. The north end of building 3 doesn't look onto the other buildings like 1&2, there is also a fantastic view of The Sphere from the bedroom and balcony. Have already recommended this unit to friends. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 128 per night Check availability MGM Signature-25-805 Strip View Balcony Studio Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas The holiday home also has a well-equipped kitchen with a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a hair dryer. Popular points of interest near the holiday home include CityCenter Las Vegas, Bellagio Fountains and Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens. The nearest airport is Harry Reid International Airport, 1 km from MGM Signature-25-805 Strip View Balcony Studio. Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 6 reviews Price from CAD 149 per night Check availability MGM Signature-29-602 1Br 2Ba Balcony Jacuzzi Suite Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Located in a central area of Las Vegas, 1.4 km from Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel, MGM Signature-29-602 1Br 2Ba Balcony Jacuzzi Suite provides air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi and a TV. The property is situated 1.6 km from Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, 2.1 km from Colosseum at Caesars Palace and 2.6 km from Forum Shops At Caesars Palace. The holiday home has parking on-site, a fitness centre and a lift. Marcus United States Didn’t eat breakfast at hotel. Room was very nice with a wonderful view. Show more Show less 9 Superb 6 reviews Price from CAD 132 per night Check availability MGM Signature-20-620 1Br 2Ba Balcony Suite Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas The spacious holiday home features a patio, 1 bedroom, a living room and a well-equipped kitchen with a microwave and a fridge. Towels and bed linen are provided in the holiday home. Bellagio Fountains is 1.5 km from the holiday home, while Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens is 1.6 km away. The nearest airport is Harry Reid International Airport, 1 km from MGM Signature-20-620 1Br 2Ba Balcony Suite. Lisa United States Really enjoyed having two full bathrooms and we could get ready at the same time Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 11 reviews Price from CAD 162 per night Check availability All holiday rentals in Las Vegas Most booked holiday rentals in Las Vegas this month See all Jet Luxury at The Signature Condo Hotel Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 8.3 Very good · 4924 holiday rental reviews Luxury Suites International at The Signature Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 7.2 Good · 1168 holiday rental reviews The Signature MGM by Orgoto Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 7.8 Good · 1252 holiday rental reviews Jockey Resort Suites Center Strip Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 8.3 Very good · 1322 holiday rental reviews Jet Luxury at The Vdara Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 8.1 Very good · 886 holiday rental reviews Signature Rental by Owner Direct Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 8.4 Very good · 825 holiday rental reviews GetAways at the Jockey Club Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 8.9 Fabulous · 1059 holiday rental reviews StripViewSuites Two-Bedroom Conjoined Suite at Signature MGM Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 7.8 Good · 143 holiday rental reviews StripViewSuites at Signature Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 8.1 Very good · 192 holiday rental reviews True 1BR Balcony Suite with Strip View at MGM Signature Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Las Vegas 8.3 Very good · 303 holiday rental reviews Enjoy breakfast at holiday rentals in Las Vegas! See all Las Vegas apartment Henderson, Las Vegas Breakfast options Attractively located in the Henderson district of Las Vegas, Las Vegas apartment is a sustainable apartment situated 10 km from Mandalay Bay Convention Center and 10 km from Shark Reef Aquarium. Beautiful apartment attached to a private home in a very nice neighborhood in Henderson, NV. Show more Show less From CAD 175 per night 9.6 Exceptional 8 reviews Stylish, Cozy 2BR,2BA Condo near Rio, Vegas Luxury West of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Breakfast options Featuring air-conditioned accommodation with a pool with a view, quiet street view and a patio, Stylish, Cozy 2BR,2BA Condo near Rio, Vegas Luxury is located in Las Vegas. Beautiful property and nice pool area. It has plenty of lodging. Show more Show less From CAD 215 per night 9.8 Exceptional 5 reviews Beautiful Brand New 2 Bedroom Vegas Home! Fits 12 or more,15-20 minutes from LV Strip Las Vegas Breakfast options Offering a shared lounge and quiet street view, Beautiful Brand New 2 Bedroom Vegas Home! Very comfortable place for families with kids where you can enjoy the Las Vegas attractions and keep... Show more Show less From CAD 345 per night 9.6 Exceptional 12 reviews MGM Signature-37-814 1Br 2Ba F1 Pits View Balcony Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Breakfast options Set in the heart of Las Vegas, 1.3 km from Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel, MGM Signature-37-814 1Br 2Ba F1 Pits View Balcony offers air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi and a TV. I was expecting a good stay but definitely was the best in my life. Show more Show less From CAD 118 per night 9.7 Exceptional 9 reviews MGM Signature-29-602 1Br 2Ba Balcony Jacuzzi Suite Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Breakfast options Located in a central area of Las Vegas, 1.4 km from Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel, MGM Signature-29-602 1Br 2Ba Balcony Jacuzzi Suite provides air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi and a TV. Didn’t eat breakfast at hotel. Room was very nice with a wonderful view. Show more Show less From CAD 132 per night 9.0 Superb 6 reviews MGM Signature-20-620 1Br 2Ba Balcony Suite Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Breakfast options Located in the centre of Las Vegas, 1.4 km from Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel, MGM Signature-20-620 1Br 2Ba Balcony Suite provides air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi and a TV. Really enjoyed having two full bathrooms and we could get ready at the same time Show more Show less From CAD 162 per night 9.4 Superb 11 reviews MGM Signature-25-702 1Bedroom 2Bath Balcony Suite Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Breakfast options Located in a central area of Las Vegas, 1.4 km from Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel, MGM Signature-25-702 1Bedroom 2Bath Balcony Suite provides air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi and a TV. Great value, comfortable, clean Show more Show less From CAD 108 per night 9.6 Exceptional 7 reviews MGM Signature-17-703 Strip View Jacuzzi Studio Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Breakfast options Situated right in the heart of Las Vegas, 1.4 km from Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel, MGM Signature-17-703 Strip View Jacuzzi Studio features air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi and a TV. The rooms were spacious and beautiful Show more Show less From CAD 92 per night 9.2 Superb 5 reviews These holiday rentals in Las Vegas have options with FREE cancellation See all 2100 SqFt Penthouse Suite W/ Strip Views! POOL GYM Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Free cancellation options available Set in Las Vegas, 1.3 km from Bellagio Fountains and 600 metres from the centre, 2100 SqFt Penthouse Suite W/ Strip Views! Perfect location and comfortable beds. Show more Show less From CAD 346 per night 9.3 Superb 134 reviews Nice Private Room Near Red Rock & Las Vegas Strip Summerlin, Las Vegas Free cancellation options available Nice Private Room Near Red Rock & Las Vegas Strip is set in the Summerlin district of Las Vegas, 14 km from Bellagio Fountains, 14 km from Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel and 15 km from Red Rock Canyon... Nice little room in a private house. Easy to get the key. Show more Show less From CAD 73 per night 9.3 Superb 19 reviews MGM Signature-25-805 Strip View Balcony Studio Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Free cancellation options available Well situated in the centre of Las Vegas, MGM Signature-25-805 Strip View Balcony Studio offers a patio, air conditioning, free WiFi and TV. Show more Show less From CAD 149 per night 9.7 Exceptional 6 reviews City Center - Panoramic Corner Suite at Vdara Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Free cancellation options available Right in the heart of Las Vegas, situated within a short distance of Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel and Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, City Center - Panoramic Corner Suite at Vdara offers... Certainly got the wow factor . Great space and good location in a very nice hotel Show more Show less From CAD 215 per night 9.3 Superb 7 reviews Modern Oasis Steps Away from the Las Vegas Strip Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Free cancellation options available In the heart of Las Vegas, set within a short distance of Bellagio Fountains and Eiffel Tower at Paris Hotel, Modern Oasis Steps Away from the Las Vegas Strip offers free WiFi, air conditioning and... Loved that our balcony directly faced the Sphere, couldn't believe our luck as I was really... Show more Show less From CAD 217 per night 9.0 Superb 5 reviews Beautiful TownHome With Garage in Las Vegas South of the Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas Free cancellation options available Set in the South of the Las Vegas Strip district of Las Vegas, Beautiful TownHome With Garage in Las Vegas offers accommodation with a private pool and a shared lounge. beautiful place! very roomy and clean! I would definitely recommend to other people Show more Show less From CAD 201 per night 9.8 Exceptional 9 reviews Modern Home! Pool & Jacuzzi (30% off for longterm) North Las Vegas, Las Vegas Free cancellation options available Located in Las Vegas, Modern Home! Pool & Jacuzzi (30% off for longterm) provides accommodation with private pool, free WiFi and free private parking for guests who drive. house was clean and well decorated, modern appearance, close to grocery stores etc. Show more Show less From CAD 608 per night 9.0 Superb 10 reviews The Buddha Estate Summerlin, Las Vegas Free cancellation options available Boasting pool views, The Buddha Estate provides a shared lounge and a garden, around 14 km from Stratosphere Tower. The most beautiful and amazing property I’ve ever stayed at! Show more Show less From CAD 1,040 per night 9.7 Exceptional 6 reviews Highly rated holiday rentals in Las Vegas See all Ultimate Las Vegas Getaway One Bedroom Suite with Balcony, Kitchen, Gym, Pool & Free Parking Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas 8.0+ review score Ultimate Las Vegas Getaway One Bedroom Suite with Balcony, Kitchen, Gym, Pool & Free Parking provides accommodation within 600 metres of the centre of Las Vegas, with free WiFi, and a kitchen with a... Good location if visiting the Sphere Show more Show less From CAD 232 per night 9.2 Superb 13 reviews Downtown home with Jacuzzi Las Vegas 8.0+ review score Located in Las Vegas in the Nevada region, Downtown home with Jacuzzi provides accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. It has everything we needed. It was perfect. Show more Show less From CAD 140 per night 9.3 Superb 13 reviews SU CASA ES MI CASA Las Vegas 8.0+ review score Set in Las Vegas, SU CASA ES MI CASA offers accommodation with private pool, free WiFi and free private parking for guests who drive. The house was very clean, the owner was amazing honestly booking needs to hook this man up. Show more Show less From CAD 468 per night 9.3 Superb 24 reviews Luxurious House With A Pool, Spa, and Patio, Sleeps 6 Comfortably North Las Vegas, Las Vegas 8.0+ review score Set in Las Vegas, Luxurious House With A Pool, Spa, and Patio, Sleeps 6 Comfortably offers accommodation with private pool, free WiFi and free private parking for guests who drive. Everything about this house was fantastic. From the pool to the security system. Show more Show less From CAD 560 per night 9.8 Exceptional 19 reviews Stay Together Suites Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas 8.0+ review score Conveniently situated in the centre of Las Vegas, Stay Together Suites is a recently renovated aparthotel, which provides free WiFi, a rooftop pool and free private parking for guests who drive. Honestly the place was great, clean and just in a perfect location really had an amazing stay. Show more Show less From CAD 326 per night 9.8 Exceptional 5 reviews Jet Luxury at The Signature Condo Hotel Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas 8.0+ review score A 5-minute walk from the Las Vegas Strip and offering an outdoor pool, Jet Luxury @ The Signature Condo Hotel features elegantly designed self-catering accommodations. Perfectly located. Great staff. Large & nice rooms. Show more Show less From CAD 87 per night 8.3 Very good 4,922 reviews Jockey Resort Suites Center Strip Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas 8.0+ review score Conveniently located on the Las Vegas Strip, between Bellagio and CityCenter, this all-suite hotel offers relaxing amenities and spacious accommodations. Everything centre of the strip a bit dated but kept spotless and nothing was a bother staff were... Show more Show less From CAD 119 per night 8.3 Very good 1,322 reviews Jet Luxury Elite at The Signature Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas 8.0+ review score Attractively situated in Las Vegas, Jet Luxury Elite at The Signature is a sustainable aparthotel, which features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and free private parking. Nice to be away from the noise of a casino. The room was very nice. Show more Show less From CAD 87 per night 8.3 Very good 473 reviews FAQs about holiday rentals in Las Vegas How much does it cost to stay in a holiday rental in Las Vegas? On average, a holiday rental in Las Vegas costs CAD 292 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a holiday rental in Las Vegas for this weekend? The average price per night for a holiday rental in Las Vegas for this weekend is CAD 936 (based on Booking.com prices). How much would a holiday rental in Las Vegas cost for tonight? The average price of a holiday rental in Las Vegas for this evening is CAD 406 (based on Booking.com prices). Which holiday rentals in Las Vegas are good for families? Many families visiting Las Vegas enjoyed staying at The Buddha Estate, Stay Together Suites and MGM Signature-20-620 1Br 2Ba Balcony Suite. What are the best holiday rentals in Las Vegas near Lake Las Vegas? Some of the best holiday rentals in Las Vegas near Lake Las Vegas include Luxury Lake Las Vegas Condo with Resort Amenities!, Elsie House *great family spot* and Newly Remodeled Family Friendly 3B/2B House. What are the best holiday rentals in Las Vegas close to Harry Reid International? Travellers who stayed in Las Vegas near Harry Reid International (LAS) had good things to say about Signature Rental by Owner Direct, MGM Signature 15-603 Strip View Jacuzzi Studio and StripViewSuites at Signature. What are some of the best holiday rentals for stays in Las Vegas? 2100 SqFt Penthouse Suite W/ Strip Views! POOL GYM, Pool Home with Spectacular Strip and Mountain Views! and Stylish, Cozy 2BR,2BA Condo near Rio, Vegas Luxury are some of our most popular holiday rentals in Las Vegas. Which holiday rentals in Las Vegas are good for couples? These holiday rentals in Las Vegas are highly rated by couples: “Beautifull Cozy Studio…With Private Entrance”, Pool Home with Spectacular Strip and Mountain Views! and Beautiful Las Vegas Home. What holiday rentals in Las Vegas have nice views? Pool Home with Spectacular Strip and Mountain Views!, 2100 SqFt Penthouse Suite W/ Strip Views! POOL GYM and Beautiful 3 bed/2 Bath Cozy Get Away Home have received great reviews from guests in Las Vegas regarding the views from these holiday rentals. Holiday rentals that guests love in Las Vegas See all Hilton Vacation Club Cancun Resort Las Vegas Holiday Rental in Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 145 8.1 Very good 2,607 reviews Spacious villas, private balconies and rooms are well appointed. Show more Show less SashaFamily with young children The Westin Lake Las Vegas Resort & Spa Holiday Rental in Henderson, Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 141 7.8 Good 851 reviews Beautiful hotel, liked that there was a shuttle to the village! Show more Show less JeanYoung couple Hilton Lake Las Vegas Resort & Spa Holiday Rental in Henderson, Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 160 7.6 Good 861 reviews The village Show more Show less IsmaelYoung couple Marriott's Grand Chateau Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 273 9.0 Superb 1,204 reviews Good location near The Strip. Room ("villa") was huge and quiet. Plenty of room for your stuff. Eleven minutes to the airport by cab. Plenty of elevators, no long waiting times to get to your floor. Non-smoking hotel. Nice and clean. Show more Show less PaulSolo traveller Palms Casino Resort Holiday Rental in Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 107 8.1 Very good 2,674 reviews The room was very nice and clean but we had problems with the air conditioner. We had maintenance show up twice and we were finally moved to a different room in the Palms tower that they called a villa. The villa in the palms tower was a smaller room and was dated, I asked for reduction in my bill because of this and the person at the desk told me they could not help because I had booked it through a out side source booking.com. Show more Show less TimYoung couple Holiday Inn Club Vacations at Desert Club Resort, an IHG Hotel Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 161 8.4 Very good 2,294 reviews It was beautiful! The villa we were in was incredibly spacious and clean with a full set up in the kitchen! The electric fireplace is also to die for ☺️ Show more Show less AmandaYoung couple Hilton Lake Las Vegas Resort & Spa Holiday Rental in Henderson, Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 160 7.6 Good 861 reviews Great location at Lake Las Vegas. Walking to The Village and lake shore. Show more Show less JorgeYoung couple Marriott's Grand Chateau Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 273 9.0 Superb 1,204 reviews Beautiful layout, comfortable villa and nice location walking distance from major attractions. Show more Show less ChristalFamily with young children Hilton Vacation Club Cancun Resort Las Vegas Holiday Rental in Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 145 8.1 Very good 2,607 reviews Pool area is great for the kids, roomy2 bed 2 bath “villa” with full kitchen that would actually have been quite useable for self catering. Show more Show less GoergeFamily with young children Marriott's Grand Chateau Holiday Rental in Las Vegas Strip, Las Vegas, NV Avg. price/night: CAD 273 9.0 Superb 1,204 reviews It's a good location right off the strip. Gorgeous view from the rooftop pool and bar area. The 2 room villa was large and was able to sleep multiple people comfortably with 3 separate sleeping areas. Full kitchen was nice. Show more Show less MonicaFamily with young children Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Las Vegas Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Holiday Rentals in Nevada Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Las Vegas More great accommodation options for your trip. Motels in Las Vegas More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Las Vegas More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Las Vegas Strip Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Downtown Las Vegas - Fremont Street Explore Las Vegas while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels near Monorail - Flamingo/ Caesar's Palace Station Perfect for local transport links. Hotels near Hoover Dam Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1846950,1859450,1859450|1,1867410,1860250