Traveller Review Awards 2023 | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Booking.com’s Traveller Review Awards 2023 What are Traveller Review Awards? Booking.com’s Traveller Review Awards 2023 are about celebrating all the hard work that goes into a great stay or the perfect ride – that little bit of extra effort to make every moment special. We’re thrilled to celebrate the incredible hospitality and transport services of our partners around the world. To all of this year's winning partners – congratulations! Thank you to all Booking.com partners for going above and beyond for your guests and making their experiences memorable, and for customers who took the time to leave a review to share their outstanding experience. How are the Traveller Review Awards given? Based on a pool of over 240 million verified customer reviews on Booking.com, the 11th instalment of the Traveller Review Awards decided its winners. Review scores for the Traveller Review Awards 2023 are based on the average of all guest reviews published on our website and app between 1 December 2019 and 30 November 2022. We calculated each final review score on 1 December 2022 based on reviews received in the previous three years. Who can win these awards? All accommodation types are included in the Traveller Review Awards 2023, not just hotels - from apartments and holiday homes to cabins and villas. Beyond accommodation partners, we’re also celebrating the efforts of car rental providers and airport taxi providers in getting customers where they need to go. The Traveller Review Awards 2023 Over 240M verified reviews 1.36M award winners 220 countries and territories 11 years of Booking.com’s Traveller Review Awards Why book with an award winner? Our Traveller Review Awards are all about celebrating partners who went above and beyond for guests to make their experiences memorable. The best properties get the best reviews. Selecting an award-winning property is a sure-fire way to ensure your stay will be top notch. A big congratulations to our winners! Not only your place to stay - find your way there on Booking.com Hotels Flights Cars Vacation rentals Do you own a property? Learn more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account