The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Canberra, Australia - Canberra hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Canberra Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Canberra hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Australia Australian Capital Territory Canberra Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Canberra – 273 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ibis Budget Canberra 3 stars Hotel in Canberra Just 7 km from the Australian War Memorial, ibis Budget Canberra offers air-conditioned rooms with a TV and a work desk. It features a guest laundry and vending machines. Anamaria Fiji The staff were very friendly, check in was fast, the room was small but had everything I needed. The bed was comfortable and the room was cleaned daily which was really great. Breakfast was really good. Overall, I enjoyed my three nights at the hotel as the staff were friendly and helpful considering it was my first time in Australia. It is a budget hotel but it exceeded my expectations. I would definitely stay here again if I were to travel to Canberra for business purposes. Show more Show less 7 Good 2,860 reviews Price from CAD 81 per night Check availability Canberra Rex Hotel 4.5 stars Hotel in Canberra Just 5 minutes’ drive from the Australian War Memorial, Canberra Rex Hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Amie Ireland How comfy the bed was and nice and quite, stayed 5 nights lovely place. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 2,630 reviews Price from CAD 144 per night Check availability Mercure Canberra Belconnen 4 stars Hotel in Canberra Set in Canberra and with National Zoo and Aquarium reachable within 7.6 km, Mercure Canberra Belconnen offers concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi throughout the property... Jen Australia The room we had was amazing. The extra wide hallway and larger than normal shower shelf makes all the difference to the level of comfort when away from home. The staff were super friendly. And the car parking was excellent. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 2,191 reviews Price from CAD 133 per night Check availability Brassey Hotel - Managed by Doma Hotels 4 stars Hotel in Canberra Situated on 2.5 acres of manicured gardens and lawns, the 1920s-style Brassey of Canberra is just 5 minutes' drive from the Parliament of Australia and Capital Circle. Grahame Australia Sensationally comfortable beds! The location was excellent and really quiet. Walking distance to some superb cafes. Staff was very friendly. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 2,483 reviews Price from CAD 129 per night Check availability Abode Kingston 4 stars Hotel in Canberra Abode Kingston is located in Canberra, 2.7 km from Old Parliament House and 2.7 km from Questacon. BRETT Australia The location is great. Right near shops, cafes and restaurants. The room is spacious and has a kitchenette. Very quiet location. Definitely recommend. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 977 reviews Price from CAD 148 per night Check availability Abode Belconnen 4 stars Hotel in Canberra Boasting a bar, Abode Belconnen is situated in Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory region, 7.7 km from National Zoo and Aquarium and 8.1 km from Canberra Centre. Belinda Australia We loved our stay and will return again Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 3,154 reviews Price from CAD 156 per night Check availability Midnight Hotel, Autograph Collection 5 stars Hotel in City Centre, Canberra Conveniently located in Canberra, Midnight Hotel, Autograph Collection offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, private parking and room service. Adi Uziel Israel Everything... Friendly staff, nice large room with a good bed/mattress for a good night sleep, plenty of restaurants at a walking distance. Stoked free minibar in room. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 2,152 reviews Price from CAD 205 per night Check availability Deco Hotel Canberra Hotel in Canberra Situated in Canberra, 2 km from Canberra Centre, Deco Hotel Canberra features accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. Aaron United Kingdom Excellent stay in a suite here which had a balcony, very spacious and modern finish that felt recently refurbished. Could not fault the room or facilities at all was excellent. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 2,402 reviews Price from CAD 159 per night Check availability The Sebel Canberra Civic 4.5 stars Hotel in City Centre, Canberra The Sebel Canberra Civic is well set in Canberra, and provides a fitness centre and free WiFi. This 4-star hotel offers a business centre and luggage storage space. John New Zealand Great location. Kitchenette great. Good size room and bathroom. Enjoyed a quiet corner room as requested. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 1,786 reviews Price from CAD 153 per night Check availability Abode Narrabundah 4 stars Hotel in Canberra Situated in Canberra's inner south, Abode Narrabundah offers 86 stylishly-appointed, self-contained apartment-style rooms suitable for guests travelling for leisure, large groups and long stay guests.... Danielle Australia beautiful location over looking golf course Show more Show less 8 Very good 1,533 reviews Price from CAD 148 per night Check availability See all 95 hotels in Canberra Most booked hotels in Canberra in the past month See all Pavilion On Northbourne Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 7.9 Good · 4,479 reviews ibis Styles Canberra Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 6.5 Pleasant · 3,591 reviews Crowne Plaza Canberra, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 7.8 Good · 4,457 reviews Hyatt Hotel Canberra - A Park Hyatt Hotel Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 8.6 Fabulous · 2,309 reviews Novotel Canberra Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 6.7 Pleasant · 3,570 reviews East Hotel and Apartments Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 8.9 Fabulous · 1,351 reviews ibis Budget Canberra Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 7.0 Good · 2,861 reviews ibis Styles Canberra Tall Trees Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 7.2 Good · 2,336 reviews QT Canberra Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 7.8 Good · 3,573 reviews Abode Narrabundah Hotel in Canberra Popular with guests booking hotels in Canberra 8.0 Very good · 1,533 reviews Canberra's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Kurrajong Canberra Hotel in Canberra Breakfast options Located 1km from Old Parliament House and Capital Hill, Hotel Kurrajong Canberra is a heritage-listed property with a café, restaurant and 100MB of free WiFi per day, per room. Olde worlde ambiance Comfortably appointed rooms Reception v helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 205.41 8.3 Very good · 2,264 reviews Hyatt Hotel Canberra - A Park Hyatt Hotel Hotel in Canberra Breakfast options Offering a state-of-the-art fitness centre with indoor swimming pool and sauna, this luxury hotel is only 5 minutes' drive from Parliament House. Elegance , history , beauty and impeccable service. Avg. price/night: CAD 267.30 8.6 Fabulous · 2,309 reviews Abode Kingston Hotel in Canberra Breakfast options Abode Kingston is located in Canberra, 2.7 km from Old Parliament House and 2.7 km from Questacon. The bed was very comfitable. The location was perfect. Avg. price/night: CAD 148 8.1 Very good · 979 reviews Ovolo Nishi Hotel in Canberra Breakfast options Offering a 24/7 front desk, a fitness centre and a bar, Ovolo Nishi is located 5 minutes' drive from Parliament House and the site of the beautiful Floriade display. Everything was exceptional for a relaxing weekend away Avg. price/night: CAD 225.14 8.3 Very good · 883 reviews Mantra MacArthur Hotel Hotel in Canberra Breakfast options Located just 6 minutes' drive from the centre of Canberra and the War Memorial as well as 10 minutes' drive from Parliament House, Mantra MacArthur Hotel offers stylish and contemporary studios and 1... great location for attending a function just down the road Avg. price/night: CAD 151.59 7.6 Good · 1,125 reviews ibis Budget Canberra Hotel in Canberra Breakfast options Just 7 km from the Australian War Memorial, ibis Budget Canberra offers air-conditioned rooms with a TV and a work desk. It features a guest laundry and vending machines. Always reliable no fuss accommodation. Ample parking. Avg. price/night: CAD 83.42 7.0 Good · 2,861 reviews ibis Styles Canberra Hotel in Canberra Breakfast options The award-winning ibis Styles Canberra offers air-conditioned rooms and free on-site parking. Guests enjoy an outdoor swimming pool and free Wi-Fi. The cleaniness. The restaurant service was so good Avg. price/night: CAD 156.97 6.5 Pleasant · 3,591 reviews Garden City Hotel, Best Western Signature Collection Hotel in Canberra Breakfast options Garden City Hotel, Best Western Signature Collection is just 10 minutes drive from Canberra’s central business district. Breakfast was very good. The room was very clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 106.74 7.8 Good · 2,021 reviews Budget hotels in Canberra See all Avenue Hotel Canberra Hotel in Canberra Budget Hotel Located in the heart of Canberra, this stylish hotel offers a restaurant and a fitness centre. All luxury accommodation features a private balcony with outdoor furniture. Close to centre Quiet Clean Friendly helpful staff Avg. price/night: CAD 206.31 8.8 Fabulous · 2,950 reviews Canberra Rex Hotel Hotel in Canberra Budget Hotel Just 5 minutes’ drive from the Australian War Memorial, Canberra Rex Hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Very clean, great location and extremely comfortable. Avg. price/night: CAD 169.53 8.2 Very good · 2,633 reviews Ramada Diplomat Canberra Hotel in Canberra Budget Hotel Newly refurbished in October 2018, the stylish 4.5 star Ramada Diplomat Canberra is located in Griffith, 5 minutes' drive from Canberra's Parliamentary Triangle and offers rooms with free Wi-Fi, free... The bubble bath was one of the best I have ever used. Avg. price/night: CAD 196.44 8.1 Very good · 2,222 reviews ibis Styles Canberra Tall Trees Hotel in Canberra Budget Hotel ibis Styles Canberra Tall Tree offers contemporary fully refurbished accommodation tucked away in a tree-lined suburb of Ainsley and is conveniently located within proximity to Canberra city centre,... Front counter guy was friendly, polite & helpful. Avg. price/night: CAD 115.28 7.2 Good · 2,336 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Canberra See all East Hotel and Apartments Hotel in Canberra Central location East Hotel and Apartments features an on-site restaurant, a bar, a fitness centre and 24/7 reception. Each studio and apartment includes air TV and chromecasts in each. Rooms were exceptional. So clean Restaurants excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 196.35 8.9 Fabulous · 1,351 reviews Hotel Realm Hotel in Canberra Central location Located in the elegant suburb of Barton, on the footsteps of Parliament House, Hotel Realm is contemporary in design and features 2 day spas, 2 health clubs and 5 on-site restaurants. I was greeted with a smile and nothing was a problem Avg. price/night: CAD 209.90 8.6 Fabulous · 2,286 reviews The Sebel Canberra Campbell Hotel in Canberra Central location The Sebel Canberra Campbell is located in Canberra, 1.7 km from Canberra Centre and 3.6 km from National Museum of Australia. With free WiFi, this 4-star hotel offers luggage storage space. location , clean and great facilities and very quiet Avg. price/night: CAD 169.53 8.3 Very good · 363 reviews Pavilion On Northbourne Hotel in Canberra Central location The 4.5 star Pavilion On Northbourne features Canberra's largest indoor tropical garden atrium. There is also an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre and onsite bar and restaurant. Great at location. Great rooms. Simple but all you need. Avg. price/night: CAD 118.67 7.9 Good · 4,479 reviews QT Canberra Hotel in Canberra Central location QT Canberra offers sleek designer accommodation, ideally situated in central Canberra, on the shores of Lake Burley Griffin and Canberra's largest conferencing facilities. Room; EV charging; breakfast changed to a la carte. Avg. price/night: CAD 178.50 7.8 Good · 3,573 reviews Crowne Plaza Canberra, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Canberra Central location Parking is available at the car park underneath the hotel. To self-park, enter the car park from the left-hand side of the hotel driveway, from Binara Street. How close it was to the main shopping area of Canberra Avg. price/night: CAD 148.68 7.8 Good · 4,457 reviews Alpha Hotel Canberra Hotel in Canberra Central location Nestled in the Tuggeranong Valley, Alpha Canberra Hotel & Apartments offers accommodation just a 20-minute drive south of Canberra city centre. Room and Bed was excellent. I found the bed a little hard Avg. price/night: CAD 142.62 7.8 Good · 855 reviews Peppers Gallery Hotel Hotel in Canberra Central location Peppers Gallery Hotel is a luxurious boutique hotel, a short walk from the shores of Lake Burley Griffin. Each room is equipped with a coffee maker. Nice welcoming feel. Bright rooms with natural light. Avg. price/night: CAD 169.53 7.7 Good · 704 reviews FAQs about hotels in Canberra How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Canberra? On average, 3-star hotels in Canberra cost CAD 149 per night, and 4-star hotels in Canberra are CAD 197 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Canberra can on average be found for CAD 327 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Canberra for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Canberra this weekend is CAD 151 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 182. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Canberra for this weekend cost on average around CAD 481 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Canberra for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 245 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Canberra for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 348 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Canberra will cost around CAD 445 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Canberra are good for families? Many families visiting Canberra loved staying at East Hotel and Apartments, Deco Hotel Canberra and Avenue Hotel Canberra. What are the best hotels in Canberra near Rose Cottage? Some of the best hotels in Canberra near Rose Cottage include Tuggeranong Short Stay #10, Tuggeranong Short Stay #07 - Sleeps 6 and Tuggeranong Short Stay #06. What are the best hotels to stay in Canberra? Deco Hotel Canberra, East Hotel and Apartments and Avenue Hotel Canberra are some of the popular hotels in Canberra. What hotels in Canberra offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Canberra that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Abode Belconnen, Hyatt Hotel Canberra - A Park Hyatt Hotel and Midnight Hotel, Autograph Collection. What hotels in Canberra are good for couples? These hotels in Canberra are highly rated by couples: East Hotel and Apartments, Deco Hotel Canberra and Avenue Hotel Canberra. What hotels in Canberra have nice views? Mercure Canberra Belconnen, Vibe Hotel Canberra and The Sebel Canberra Civic have received great reviews from travellers in Canberra regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Culture, Politics and Military Mix A popular quiz question is: what’s the capital of Australia? If you answered Sydney or Melbourne then it’s time to discover the real answer – Canberra. With Parliament House at its core, Canberra fans out across both sides of Lake Burley Griffin to reveal a diverse mix of museums, restaurants and bars filled with curious tourists, political persons and public servants. Canberra was created as a solution to Australia’s 2 largest cities squabbling over the right to become the national capital. The Limestone Plains region in New South Wales was chosen as the site for present day Canberra. It was a good choice for nature lovers as it is surrounded by bushland, mountain ranges and, more recently, wineries. The National Gallery, National Museum and National Library of Australia highlight Canberra’s cultural riches. Other notable institutions to visit are the High Court of Australia and the National Film and Sound Archive that stockpiles a collection of Australia’s early radio, television and film history. The military also plays a significant role here with many training facilities for the army such as the Australian Defence Force Academy. An unforgettable experience is attending the Anzac Day Dawn service at The Australian War Memorial. Australia’s cultural capital with a political punch has many hotels, motels and apartments on Booking.com for that city trip, business jaunt or family holiday. Learn more about visiting Canberra 12 attractions 18 points of interest 1 neighbourhood Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Canberra City trip 12,115 reviews Forests 96 reviews Sightseeing 5,921 reviews Road trip 267 reviews Lakes 1,061 reviews Relax in nature 1,319 reviews What guests said about Canberra: 8.0 It's a place for visitors, with plenty of restaurants,... It's a place for visitors, with plenty of restaurants, galleries, museums and outdoor activities (sometimes a bit hard to find). You need transport. Hire car is the easiest, unless you have your own. If you're near a hub (like Civic, Gungahlin), it's a lot easier. Joew49 Australia 8.0 Lots of great places to visit and things to do and a very... Lots of great places to visit and things to do and a very attractive place generally. Not easy to work out how to get around without a car although heaps of buses on the road. Found it hard to access local information from hotel and locate visitor information. Cheryl Australia 6.0 Unfortunately, my view of Canberra was negatively colored by... Unfortunately, my view of Canberra was negatively colored by the theft of my new bicycle. I have since learned that bicycle theft in Canberra is rife, so cyclists be aware and do not trust a locked bicycle rack on your car to keep your bike safe. I did enjoy the cycling I managed before the bike was stolen and also my brief visit to the Arboretum. Cheryl Australia 8.0 We are frequent visitors to Canberra as there is just so... We are frequent visitors to Canberra as there is just so much to see and do. Unfortunately, this last trip we were just passing through - but will be back again for our next visit soon. Our favorite spots include the Film and Sound Archives, the Museum and the Arboretum. But there is also so much more! We love the New Year fireworks, and other great events. The parks and gardens, walking and bike tracks, and of course the shopping! It's always easy to find great food in Canberra - and we love to seek out new places we haven't tried! Well worth a visit. Setchen Australia 4.0 I went there to tend to an elderly parent in aged care, so I... I went there to tend to an elderly parent in aged care, so I did not do any sightseeing. I gave up on public transport and used DiDi which mostly worked well. Better eat early as the place becomes a ghost town around 9-10pm. I went to Maccas when it was open, and to San Churro which was open late. The places inside the shopping centre (Canberra Centre) were not open early. Quite a few restaurants and cafes were good and provided nice food items. I really would not go to the Civic area, it is a bit of a ghetto with lots of graffiti and empty shops. It is a sterile no character place. Mary Australia 10 There is quite a lot to do in Canberra especially if you... There is quite a lot to do in Canberra especially if you have children Questacon - excellent - allow at least 3 hours if not more National Museum - very good Visit both Old and New Parliament Houses - Old Parliament House is worth a good look around. State Library War Museum Mint - Interesting - lots of money Zoo - well laid out - Cheetahs are special Hire a bike and cycle eveywhere Walk around the lake Best Pizza at Via Dolce - Bunda St City Centre Ann Australia Explore guest reviews of hotels in Canberra See all Hyatt Hotel Canberra - A Park Hyatt Hotel Canberra From CAD 267.30 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 2,309 reviews From check in to checkout, the staff were amazing. Service was top notch. The hotel is just a picture. It's in perfect condition and super clean. No strange smells, no worn carpet or furniture. The king room was beautiful and the marble bathroom was fit for royalty. Secure undercover parking was free during our visit. Restaurant was on point as was the food and wine list. Again, staff were very attentive. The bar was cosy with a log fire burning. Highly recommend the Hyatt Canberra. Marco Australia Quest Canberra City Walk Canberra From CAD 128.36 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,767 reviews The location is just brilliant. If you want a city hotel, this is the one! Opposite the front doors is the Canberra Centre and to the left about a 3 minute walk are all the cafes, restaurants and bars. The room was spacious, impeccably clean, beautifully quiet and so functional with its own kitchenette. Staff were personable and very helpful. Have stayed in a few other hotels in the city previously, but this is my new hotel of choice- can’t wait to stay again. Samantha Australia Garden City Hotel, Best Western Signature Collection Canberra From CAD 106.74 per night 7.8 Good · 2,021 reviews Great hotel central in Canberra. Good size rooms, modern, clean and tidy. Next door to the German Club. The meals at the restaurants are good occasionally average. If you don't like it, it's only a short stroll to the German club. Wifi can be a bit slow during peak times. No buffet breakfast, you need to order, table service. Good size pool and small but well fitted out gym. Car park small but plenty on street parking. A good place to stay. Jana Australia Pinnacle Apartments Canberra From CAD 160.56 per night 8.3 Very good · 2,346 reviews 3 bedroom apartment suitable for our needs. Family of 3 adults, 2 children and 1 infant. Location excellent with lots of good eating places and shops within walking distance. Also easy walk to lake & parliamentary circle attractions. Appreciative that the bed configuration was set-up as per request, and non-standard. TVs in 2 of the bedrooms appreciated although they were cheap and the sound very poor. Lorna Australia Burbury Hotel Canberra From CAD 174.02 per night 8.4 Very good · 2,348 reviews Apartment was spacious, well appointed and comfortable. Beds were comfortable and the kids were given little gift bags on arrival which was a wonderful touch. It was quick and easy to check in and the staff were very friendly. The hotel itself was very close to restaurants and other sights which was great and had easy to access secure parking during our stay. Emma Australia Hotel Realm Canberra From CAD 209.90 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 2,286 reviews I was in Canberra for work and decided to extend my stay for a day. My husband met me there and we figured we would some quality time together. The bed was the best part. We felt like we were sleeping on a cloud it was so comfortable. The restaurant Louis was also wonderful and the food absolutely incredible! Would highly recommend this hotel. A Ajla Australia Little National Hotel Canberra Canberra From CAD 156.08 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,972 reviews I've stayed here at least five times and this latest visit matched up to all my previous visits. It's a cosy, exceptionally well run small hotel. Staff friendly, very professional and the hotel is near most of Canberra's best attractions. I also love the two common rooms. They are comfortable, well appointed, light and have lovely views. Pamela Australia Mercure Canberra Canberra From CAD 133.65 per night 7.5 Good · 1,760 reviews I stay at the Mecure Canberra regularly when visiting Govt clients nearby. I know what to expect here. While the property is rather tired and could do with a refurb, the rooms are spacious with room to work of an evening. Pricing can vary greatly as with all Canberra hotels depending on what is going that week so book early. Matt Australia Canberra Rex Hotel Canberra From CAD 169.53 per night 8.2 Very good · 2,633 reviews The room was well appointed and the bed was very comfortable. The staff were very friendly , cheerful and helpful.The location was excellent for our purposes and we will certainly stay there again should we be visiting Canberra and we will recommend the hotel to family and friends. Anne Australia Nishi Apartments Eco Living by Ovolo Canberra From CAD 281.65 per night 7.7 Good · 254 reviews The location of the hotel is excellent, and it is pretty convenient to get into major attractions and the Canberra city center. Besides this, the design is very special and environmentally friendly. The food provided there is also excellent with many options available. Space_Launch_System China Avenue Hotel Canberra Canberra From CAD 206.31 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 2,950 reviews I think I got a good rate on this property. It was an efficient, comfortable and well equipped hotel and rooms in great location. Not sure I would pay the rack rate but will certainly book again if any deals. Height recommend. Steven Australia Quest Canberra City Walk Canberra From CAD 128.36 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,767 reviews Location is perfect. It’s right in the middle of the city, walking distance from Canberra Centre and many other shops, cafes and restaurants. The room is very clean, comfortable and up to the standards of Quest hotels. Fadhilah Australia A by Adina Canberra Canberra From CAD 192.94 per night 9.0 Superb · 2,086 reviews Best hotel stay in canberra ever! reception staff are wonderful, the lady in training helped me out today and was very kind and professional, i'll be recommending this hotel to anyone travelling to canberra Bethany Australia ibis Styles Canberra Tall Trees Canberra From CAD 115.28 per night 7.2 Good · 2,336 reviews The room was very comfortable with the location of the hotel making it an easy run to any/all of the local attractions. The ample (& free) off-street parking available on site is a great bonus for Canberra. Shane Australia Alpha Hotel Canberra Canberra From CAD 142.62 per night 7.8 Good · 855 reviews Location is great when visiting our Son in Canberra. Love the area as it has everything we need. Shopping centre close by and resteraunts close to hotel. Vikings club just next door also. Rpssc33 Australia QT Canberra Canberra From CAD 178.50 per night 7.8 Good · 3,573 reviews The hotel has obviously undergone a facelift, which was clearly evident. It has a kind of ,mordern art-deco feel. the room I shared with my son, was tiny. It was very clean. Ashley Australia Crowne Plaza Canberra, an IHG Hotel Canberra From CAD 148.68 per night 7.8 Good · 4,457 reviews Love this hotel and we are always staying here when in Canberra. The double shutters on the window are the best. Finally some good quality sleep :-) Natascha Australia Burbury Hotel Canberra From CAD 174.02 per night 8.4 Very good · 2,348 reviews Great hotel, brilliant location and terrific staff. Stay here every time I visit Canberra joanne Australia Deco Hotel Canberra Canberra From CAD 195.90 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 2,402 reviews Best hotel we have stayed at in Canberra. Great for families! Robert Australia A by Adina Canberra Canberra From CAD 192.94 per night 9.0 Superb · 2,086 reviews Beautiful hotel great location Rosemary Australia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Montreal Community Theatre Search and compare hotels close to Montreal Community Theatre, a popular destination just outside Canberra. Hotels near Canberra Railway Station Perfect for local transport links. Car hire in Canberra Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels in Sydney Discover another destination in Australia. Hotels in Melbourne Discover another destination in Australia. Visit Canberra Everything you need to know about your destination. Hotels in Queanbeyan Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Queanbeyan, also popular with our guests! Hotels in Brisbane Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Canberra Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1846890,1870380|6,1870380|3,1866460,1847760|3,1870380,1871440,1833870,1847760