The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Dubai, United Arab Emirates - Dubai hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Dubai Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Dubai hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Arab Emirates Dubai Emirate Dubai Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Dubai – 11,635 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Five Jumeirah Village 5 stars Hotel in Dubai Situated in Dubai, 8 km from Dubai Autodrome, Five Jumeirah Village features accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. Daniel Romania Absolutely everything! this hotel is exceptional Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 38,226 reviews Price from CAD 202 per night Check availability Ibis Al Barsha 3 stars Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Ibis Al Barsha features spacious, soundproofed rooms, conveniently located along Sheikh Zayed Road. It offers a restaurant, a café, 2 bars and free private parking on site. Anyanwu Germany cleaning of the room excellent, great housekeeping staffs and mr. Sujit lama and dorchi they take care me and always clean room Show more Show less 6.8 Review score 6,313 reviews Price from CAD 99 per night Check availability Grand Hyatt Dubai 5 stars Hotel in Bur Dubai, Dubai Situated near bustling Sheikh Zayed Road, Grand Hyatt Dubai is set on landscaped gardens with 1 indoor and 2 outdoor pools and boasts 13 dining and entertainment venues. Firuza Belgium big rooms, service was great, kids friendly Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 6,543 reviews Price from CAD 276 per night Check availability Rove City Centre, Deira 3 stars Hotel in Deira, Dubai Offering a year-round outdoor swimming pool and fitness centre, Rove City Centre, Deira is located just a 7 minutes drive from Dubai International Airport and 20 minutes by car from Dubai Mall. David Portugal Great early check in flexibility, modern and great value Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 6,298 reviews Price from CAD 147 per night Check availability Dusit D2 Kenz Hotel Dubai 4 stars Hotel in Beach & Coast, Dubai The Dusit D2 Kenz Hotel Dubai is located in Barsha Heights. Facing Sheikh Zayed Road, it is a short walk from the Dubai Internet City Metro Station, features free WiFi and free private parking. lauri friedman Israel we liked everything about this hotel. absolutely no complaints. particularly notable - the staff, the location and the comfort! Show more Show less 9 Superb 6,706 reviews Price from CAD 179 per night Check availability Ibis Deira City Centre 3 stars Hotel in Deira, Dubai bis Dubai Deira City Centre offers stylish accommodation in the Port Saeed Business district of Dubai. aisyah Malaysia My short stay at Ibis was a really lovely stay. The room was great and cozy, I had a big work table which was convenient for me, the mall and metro station were a short walk away. The bed was comfy and wifi was very fast. Show more Show less 7.6 Good 5,716 reviews Price from CAD 105 per night Check availability Grand Excelsior Hotel Al Barsha 4 stars Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Located within a 10-minute walk from the Mall of the Emirates and metro station, the Grand Excelsior Hotel is designed in the style of a cruise ship and offers spacious rooms. Elshad Azerbaijan Special thanks to Nesrine and Alaa. Show more Show less 7.4 Good 6,061 reviews Price from CAD 149 per night Check availability Ibis Styles Dubai Jumeira 3 stars Hotel in Beach & Coast, Dubai Ibis Styles Jumeira offers Accommodation in Jumeira. Strategically located near Jumeira Beach and Sheikh Zayed Road. Dario Mozambique Perfect hotel, perfect service, very clean, helpful staff, breakfast is very good Show more Show less 7.7 Good 4,493 reviews Price from CAD 198 per night Check availability Centro Barsha - by Rotana 3 stars Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Centro Barsha provides stylish accommodation in Al Barsha district of Dubai, a 7-minute walk from Mall of the Emirates. It features a rooftop swimming pool and a state-of-the-art gym. LaVesha United States As usual the property is always clean and welcoming. Show more Show less 7.9 Good 3,234 reviews Price from CAD 126 per night Check availability Delmon Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Deira, Dubai Offering a rooftop pool and fitness centre, the 3-star Delmon Hotel is located near Al Ghurair Shopping Mall. The hotel’s main restaurant serves international buffets for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Syed Mohsin Saudi Arabia Amazing staff and nearby a hyper market Show more Show less 3.7 Review score 4,008 reviews Check availability See all 908 hotels in Dubai Cheapest time to stay in Dubai In August you can stay in Dubai for an average price of CA$55 per night CA$210CA$168CA$126CA$84CA$42CA$0 CA$111 Jan CA$132 Feb CA$110 Mar CA$79 Apr CA$67 May CA$62 Jun CA$61 Jul CA$55 Aug CA$71 Sep CA$119 Oct CA$151 Nov CA$162 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Dubai in the past month See all Atana Hotel Hotel in Barsha Heights (Tecom) , Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 8.0 Very good · 22,780 reviews Resivation Hotel Hotel in Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 8.0 Very good · 2,195 reviews Holiday Inn Express Dubai Airport, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Garhoud, Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 7.9 Good · 17,557 reviews The First Collection Business Bay Hotel in Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 8.8 Fabulous · 8,663 reviews Wyndham Dubai Marina Hotel in Dubai Marina, Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 8.3 Very good · 13,657 reviews Premier Inn Dubai International Airport Hotel in Garhoud, Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 8.3 Very good · 16,730 reviews The First Collection at Jumeirah Village Circle Hotel in Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 8.6 Fabulous · 10,466 reviews TRYP by Wyndham Dubai Hotel in Barsha Heights (Tecom) , Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 8.4 Very good · 17,111 reviews Five Jumeirah Village Hotel in Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 9.1 Superb · 38,226 reviews Millennium Airport Hotel Dubai Hotel in Garhoud, Dubai Popular with guests booking hotels in Dubai 8.2 Very good · 10,560 reviews Dubai's best hotels with breakfast See all Address Sky View Hotel in Downtown Dubai, Dubai Breakfast options Attractively located in the centre of Dubai, Address Sky View features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. Room was organized well And had nice view Nice sky pool 9.0 Superb · 2,979 reviews Address Fountain Views Hotel in Downtown Dubai, Dubai Breakfast options Situated in Dubai, 200 meters from The Dubai Fountain, Address Fountain Views features accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. Extremely nice staffs and very clean room . Excellent! Avg. price/night: CAD 1,359.62 9.0 Superb · 1,389 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Dubai, Al Barsha Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Breakfast options Courtyard by Marriott Al Barsha, Dubai is located on Al Barsha Road, right behind Mall of the Emirates, and is at a 5-10 minute walking distance from Mall of the Emirates & Mashreq Metro Stations. Everything perfect friendly staff Asif Khalid khan Avg. price/night: CAD 330.17 9.1 Superb · 2,509 reviews Grand Plaza Mövenpick Hotel in Dubai Internet City, Dubai Breakfast options Situated in Dubai, 5.7 km from The Montgomery, Dubai, Grand Plaza Mövenpick features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a shared lounge. There isn’t any aspect of the hotel that is not to like. Avg. price/night: CAD 277.90 9.0 Superb · 3,406 reviews Rove Dubai Marina Hotel in Dubai Marina, Dubai Breakfast options Located in one of Dubai’s most vibrant and spectacular neighborhoods, Rove Dubai Marina is the perfect destination for leisure travelers. The staff were great especially Chetan in reception Avg. price/night: CAD 321.31 9.0 Superb · 6,856 reviews Rove Trade Centre Hotel in Trade Centre, Dubai Breakfast options Strategically placed between new and old Dubai, Rove Trade Centre offers the perfect location for leisure and business guests alike. Nice stuff on reception and thank Mr Tauqeer for his effort Avg. price/night: CAD 268.28 9.1 Superb · 7,593 reviews Rove City Centre, Deira Hotel in Dubai Breakfast options Offering a year-round outdoor swimming pool and fitness centre, Rove City Centre, Deira is located just a 7 minutes drive from Dubai International Airport and 20 minutes by car from Dubai Mall. The room, the location, the food, basically everything. Avg. price/night: CAD 209.91 9.2 Superb · 6,298 reviews Dusit D2 Kenz Hotel Dubai Hotel in Barsha Heights (Tecom) , Dubai Breakfast options The Dusit D2 Kenz Hotel Dubai is located in Barsha Heights. Facing Sheikh Zayed Road, it is a short walk from the Dubai Internet City Metro Station, features free WiFi and free private parking. The tram was excellent. Especially imran, musharraf prem Avg. price/night: CAD 501.52 9.0 Superb · 6,714 reviews Budget hotels in Dubai See all Rove Healthcare City - Bur Dubai Hotel in Bur Dubai, Dubai Budget Hotel Set in the Bur Dubai district in Dubai, Dubai Mall and Burj Khalifa are a 10-minute drive away. The receptionists were quick to respond at all times Avg. price/night: CAD 162.23 9.1 Superb · 5,112 reviews Best Western Plus Dubai Academic City Hotel in Dubai Budget Hotel Situated in Dubai, 25 km from Dubai Mall, Best Western Plus Dubai Academic City features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. priya is very responsible person，she really very good Avg. price/night: CAD 122.49 8.0 Very good · 1,079 reviews ibis Styles Dubai Deira Hotel in Dubai Budget Hotel Located in Dubai, 5.7 km from Grand Mosque, ibis Styles Dubai Deira provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. All prefect like to come back desk stalk very very food Avg. price/night: CAD 149.37 8.3 Very good · 2,642 reviews Studio M Al Barsha Hotel by Millennium Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Budget Hotel Set in Dubai, 700 metres from Mall of the Emirates, Studio M Al Barsha Hotel by Millennium offers accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre. Stuff are attentive, smiling all the time, so helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 144.66 8.2 Very good · 3,688 reviews Premier Inn Dubai Barsha Heights Hotel in Barsha Heights (Tecom) , Dubai Budget Hotel Situated in Dubai, 4.9 km from Mall of the Emirates, Premier Inn Dubai Barsha Heights features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. Great hotel, very clean and great value for money! Avg. price/night: CAD 145.72 8.8 Fabulous · 3,437 reviews Rove Expo 2020 Hotel in Dubai World Central, Dubai Budget Hotel Located in Dubai, less than 1 km from Dubai Expo 2020, Rove Expo 2020 provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. Really comfortable and fun place to have your staycation Avg. price/night: CAD 156.93 8.9 Fabulous · 3,827 reviews City Avenue Al Reqqa Hotel Hotel in Dubai Budget Hotel Situated in Dubai and with Grand Mosque reachable within 6 km, City Avenue Al Reqqa Hotel features concierge services, non-smoking rooms, an outdoor swimming pool, free WiFi and a fitness centre. Swimming pool / rooms view/ everything perfect.. Avg. price/night: CAD 138.95 8.1 Very good · 1,877 reviews TIME Asma Hotel Hotel in Al Barsha, Dubai Budget Hotel Set in Dubai, 1.5 km from Mall of the Emirates, TIME Asma Hotel offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Reception staff dilnaka is best and soo supportive Avg. price/night: CAD 176.86 8.1 Very good · 3,609 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Dubai See all DAMAC Maison Aykon City Dubai Hotel in Dubai Central location Well situated in the Sheikh Zayed Road district of Dubai, DAMAC Maison Aykon City Dubai is set 4.6 km from Burj Khalifa, 5.4 km from Dubai Mall and 5.5 km from The Dubai Fountain. Great service from everyone New and great service Avg. price/night: CAD 251.05 9.5 Exceptional · 68 reviews Address Dubai Mall Hotel in Downtown Dubai, Dubai Central location Located in Dubai Mall and adjacent to Burj Khalifa, Address, Dubai Mall offers is a 5-star hotel featuring an outdoor infinity pool overlooking Burj Khalifa and free WiFi. thanks to Youssef ,Nervan, Maria for their great efforts Avg. price/night: CAD 954.26 9.3 Superb · 4,715 reviews Address Boulevard Hotel in Downtown Dubai, Dubai Central location With direct indoor access to both Dubai Mall, Fashion Avenue and the Metro Station, Address Boulevard is the ideal place to stay for anyone coming to Dubai for leisure, business or shopping purposes. Everything was good in the hotel also the location. Avg. price/night: CAD 1,134.17 9.3 Superb · 3,264 reviews Rove Downtown Hotel in Bur Dubai, Dubai Central location Featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a sundeck, Rove Downtown Dubai is conveniently located in the heart of Downtown Dubai, adjacent to Burj Khalifa and The Dubai Mall. Placida did great check out thank you will be back Avg. price/night: CAD 321.31 9.2 Superb · 9,989 reviews Manzil Downtown by Vida Hotel in Downtown Dubai, Dubai Central location Located in the Old Town District of Downtown Dubai, the 4-star Manzil Downtown by Vida , a 10-minute walk from Dubai Mall and Burj Khalifa, combines traditional Arabesque architecture with... Comfortable bed, excellent shower, clean, location Avg. price/night: CAD 384.01 9.1 Superb · 4,812 reviews Wonderful Reva Aparthotel Downtown Hotel in Dubai Central location Located in Dubai, 1.5 km from The Dubai Fountain, Wonderful Reva Aparthotel Downtown provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Понравилось всё,кроме отношения персонала на рецепшн 9.1 Superb · 16 reviews Vida Downtown Hotel in Downtown Dubai, Dubai Central location Located 10 minutes’ walk from iconic Burj Khalifa, Vida Downtown is boutique hotel ideal for business travellers. It features a business centre, along with an outdoor pool and gym. Excellent customer service, breakfast, comfort and location Avg. price/night: CAD 384.01 9.0 Superb · 3,657 reviews The St. Regis Downtown Dubai Hotel in Dubai Central location Offering captivating views across the city skyline within walking distance of the vibrant Downtown area and Burj Khalifa, the newly opened The St. The location, excellent service from all staff, facilities, meals. Avg. price/night: CAD 525.90 9.0 Superb · 2,243 reviews FAQs about hotels in Dubai How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Dubai? On average, 3-star hotels in Dubai cost CAD 119 per night, and 4-star hotels in Dubai are CAD 178 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Dubai can on average be found for CAD 486 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Dubai for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Dubai this weekend is CAD 261 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 326. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Dubai for this weekend cost on average around CAD 677 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Dubai for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 346 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Dubai for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 477 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Dubai will cost around CAD 861 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Dubai are good for families? Many families visiting Dubai loved staying at Vida Creek Beach Hotel, Waldorf Astoria Dubai International Financial Centre and Wonderful Reva Aparthotel Downtown. What are the best hotels in Dubai near Burj Al Arab? Some of the best hotels in Dubai near Burj Al Arab include Burj Al Arab Jumeirah, Jumeirah Al Naseem and Jumeirah Beach Hotel. What are the best hotels in Dubai near Dubai International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Dubai near Dubai International Airport (DXB) have said good things about Premier Inn Dubai International Airport, Le Meridien Dubai Hotel, Royal Club & Conference Centre and Element Dubai Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Dubai? Address Dubai Marina, Waldorf Astoria Dubai International Financial Centre and Address Boulevard are some of the popular hotels in Dubai. What hotels in Dubai offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Dubai that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Dubai EDITION, Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach and Five Jumeirah Village. What hotels in Dubai are good for couples? These hotels in Dubai are highly rated by couples: Address Dubai Marina, Grosvenor House, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Dubai and Address Dubai Mall. What hotels in Dubai have nice views? Sofitel Dubai Jumeirah Beach, Address Dubai Marina and Waldorf Astoria Dubai International Financial Centre have received great reviews from travellers in Dubai regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Dubai - The Jewel of the Desert Cosmopolitan and architecturally stunning Dubai is a truly global city. With its ultramodern skyscrapers, the artificial archipelago of Palm Islands and the world’s largest shopping mall, Dubai offers something for every taste. Surrounded by a desert, this city is the futuristic gem of the Middle East and the United Arab Emirates. With chic yachts at home in the city’s upscale marina and the 30-acre manmade Burj Khalifa Lake and its Dubai Fountain, the world’s largest dancing fountain, visitors might momentarily forget they are in a desert. You can relax on a beautiful sandy beach, explore the local souks and their treasures or enjoy a trip to the amazing Dubai Desert. Don’t forget to stop at Burj Khalifa’s observation deck and admire the city panorama from over 452 metres. Dubai has even more to offer: camel races, hot air balloon flights, fast rides over sand dunes and even snow skiing! Make sure you try local cuisine and visit the Spice Souk, famous for its thousand and one spices. Getting to the city centre from Dubai International and Sharjah International Airports is easy. Whether you’re looking for a stunning luxury hotel, a beachfront suite or an intimate resort, Booking.com has the perfect accommodation for your Dubai adventure. Learn more about visiting Dubai 992 attractions 122 points of interest 41 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Dubai: 10 Dubai is what I call the living city. Dubai is what I call the living city. Every time I visit Dubai, I find something new, it's a really multi-cultural lively city and has tons of attractions for everyone. If I could I would move to Dubai because living there would be a different experience I'm sure. sheikhwaqas Pakistan 6.0 Dubai itself is a lunapark Dubai itself is a lunapark Mercato mall, vintage and quiet atmosphere Mercato's Indian restaurant Gazebo, not looking like a top outlet but great food quality! Dubai mall impressive but nothing else, it is a waste of time. Marina, just for mass tourists, expensive for nothing Avoid rush hours, the traffic is a nightmare Desert view, without dune bashing, it is worth the money. Best alone not in a group of noisy 4-wheeldrive cars making dunes bashing an horrible thing. The marketing of Dubai is fantastic in attracting people from everywhere BUT, at the end of the day, Dubai is a lunapark. Great place for business. Pietro Switzerland 8.0 We visited Dubai for three short two night stops at the... We visited Dubai for three short two night stops at the beginning, middle and end of a trip to three neighbouring countries. We had been to Dubai before and it provides an excellent break in that kind of trip. Glen Canada 10 Goldy shining, hot, luxury on one hand but on the other have... Goldy shining, hot, luxury on one hand but on the other have a soul, spirit of peopele working and coming all over the world. Arabic charm and responsivness, African warmness, Western life style incorporated in the Islamic world. Something for everybody. Amasing fruits of arhitecture together with the smell of salt, money and very various and taste food. I would always recommend it, even as an escape fro reallity. Its also like the adults fairytale. They made everythig to be charged but although you dont have to pay anything and still to enjoy it a feel joy and happyness, as thay say when you enter Dubai, welcone to happy AUE. Dragana Sarenac Sarenac 10 Dubai did not disappoint! Dubai did not disappoint! Absolutely amazing trip, arguably the best trip we've had to date! Very clean, active, polite people everywhere. Beautiful city, lots to do and see. Burj khalifa, The view and the desert drive 7 stars. Get the VIP pass everywhere you go, or at least skip the line. 10 second time we come in Dubai and Abu dhabi. A lot to do; second time we come in Dubai and Abu dhabi. A lot to do; safety everywhere and cleaness are the master points. People friendly. everything is done to relax. walk in the souk in Deira, go up to the top at Burj Kalifat and the top of the Palm, new tower, excellent eagle view. do not miss to make a safari in the red dunes east of Dubai, with night barbecue in the desert. Also south of Abu dhabi the desert is different. beaches in Dubai ou AUH, Le Louvre and the Grande mosquee in AUH. walk in the malls, golf courses top of the world . go to Yas Marina circuit, in yas island, and many other things to do ... Supreme Commander France Explore guest reviews of hotels in Dubai See all Dukes The Palm, a Royal Hideaway Hotel Palm Jumeirah, Dubai From CAD 277 per night 8.3 Very good 6,249 reviews The hotel is so amazing! Everything is there, you name it! All staff are welcoming, accommodating, and helpful! Location wise, it is accessible because it's right across a Mall which has access to a monorail and many taxis. The highlight of the stay was the infinity pool which was massive and it overlooks the beach and the Dubai Marina Skyline! It is so gorgeous at night and definitely a sight to see. Thank you Mark who has made our stay even more entertaining! All in all, it has been so pleasurable and cannot wait to be back again! Show more Show less NAISAH United Kingdom Hilton Dubai Jumeirah Jumeirah Beach Residence, Dubai From CAD 282 per night 7.9 Good 4,639 reviews If you manage to get a room not facing the construction site next to the hotel, you will have a wonderful time. We did, after we managed to change the room. Otherwise is hell. They work 24/7. The hotel has a very good location, near JBR walk and Marina walk The beach is very nice. The room is also very nice with very comfortable beds, a balcony and fantastic views. You can easily get a RTA taxi ( the public, cheap taxis) from the roundabout next to the hotel. I think this hotel is one of the best option in Dubai. Show more Show less Daniela Netherlands Grand Mercure Dubai City Hotel in Garhoud, Dubai From CAD 184 per night 8.1 Very good 6,583 reviews 5 minute ride from the Dubai Airport! Super conveniently located!! This hotel is brand new and immaculate!! It is so beautiful and the rooms are so well equipped and provides everything you and your family will need for a wonderful stay. Shiny floors, trendy decor that makes for stylish pictures. Super comfortable beds. This is literally just as good as staying at a 5 star hotel. Staff is incredibly welcoming and the breakfast is delicious. Beautiful rooftop pool! Loved everything about our stay! Show more Show less Kristin United States Premier Inn Dubai Ibn Battuta Mall Hotel in Discovery Gardens, Dubai From CAD 89 per night 8.1 Very good 8,596 reviews spacious room in the Tower B, modern interior with huuuuge windows and panorama view on the whole Dubai city, efficient air-conditioning, very friendly staff, good location next to Ibn Battuta Mall, the small bus station where buses to Abu Dhabi departure from and next to the metro station - these located 1-minute walk from the hotel therefore give many opportunities and save a lot of time, 15 minute drive to the Marina (but avoid rush hours when all roads at the Marina are so packed) Show more Show less Slawomir Poland voco Dubai, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Trade Centre, Dubai From CAD 194 per night 8.2 Very good 3,636 reviews We booked for a 2 bed room suits which was spacious and comfortable. Breakfast was really good with a number of items in the buffet. We also enjoyed lunch and dinner. The location is very convenient to travel to Dehra City Center, Dubai Mall and Marina. However, the best part of this property is the employees. They are always ready to provide help to their guest. Hotel staff / employees will go extra mile to meet the customer experience. We enjoyed their service. Show more Show less Naimul Canada InterContinental Dubai Marina, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Dubai Marina, Dubai From CAD 298 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,919 reviews The Intercontinental, Dubai Marina, is very clean and comfortable. The rooms are well appointed and can offer views over the marina. Staff were friendly and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. The hotel itself is very close to Jumeirah Beach Residence 1 tram station. The tram is convenient for connecting with the Dubai metro. It is also within walking distance of Dubai Marina Mall and Pier 7. As well as the Dubai ferry. Would recommend. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom Millennium Airport Hotel Dubai Hotel in Garhoud, Dubai From CAD 165 per night 8.2 Very good 10,560 reviews Best hotel for Dubai stop over; have stayed 6-7 times travelling solo female, very comfortable large beds, crisp linen and towels, very nice pool and surround, spa, gym and Jones coffee shop in foyer plus choice of 2-3 restaurants (Italian is good, haven't tried the others). Free shuttle back to airport.. Helpful busboys, housekeeping, reception staff variable - sometimes overworked as this hotel is also used by an airline crews. Show more Show less BibiMariam Oman Atana Hotel Hotel in Barsha Heights (Tecom) , Dubai From CAD 141 per night 8.0 Very good 22,780 reviews I love the staff… Shoaib, Samson, Lilian who’s the head and supervisor at the restaurant and Joseph at the front desk who took care of my tours in Dubai…oh my! They were all absolutely awesome. Lilian who’s at the Restaurant took good care of my boy. I’m giving Lilian a 5 star… my son misses her already. All the staff are wonderful. Atana hotel is best hotel in Dubai… no place like Atana. Show more Show less Sunday Nigeria Address Dubai Marina Hotel in Dubai Marina, Dubai From CAD 360 per night 9.5 Exceptional 4,485 reviews I think the Address Dubai Marina is just one of the best Hotels in Dubai. Rooms a very cosy, always clean and quiet. The location of the Hotel is just perfect. You have plenty of restaurants and a awesome shopping Mall in walking distance. You can grab a drink or bite at the Hotel’s massive pool. Staff is very friendly. We stayed for 10 days and will definately return. Show more Show less Wolfgang Monaco Centara Mirage Beach Resort Dubai Dubai From CAD 221 per night 8.5 Very good 6,104 reviews Hotel is close to the airport which is great. City centre and marina are a bit further - 30-50 min by taxi depending on traffic. Advantage is that there is lots of space - rooms are big, garden and pools are very nice, lots of space on the beach. Staff very polite! Great Thai food. In the evening it was rather calm which we enjoyed, no laud music or people:-) Show more Show less Eva Czech Republic Ramada by Wyndham Dubai Deira Hotel in Dubai From CAD 141 per night 7.9 Good 8,199 reviews Ramada by Wyndham Dubai Deira, is the best Hotel for anyone visit Dubai, easy access to Bus and Metro station in front of the Hotel, shopping Malls, many restaurants around, helpful and respectful staff, reception, front desk, housekeepers, i dont want to mention names, all Hotel staff are very helpful and respect full. Show more Show less AboLamees United Arab Emirates Dusit Thani Dubai Hotel in Trade Centre, Dubai From CAD 208 per night 8.3 Very good 7,421 reviews I recently spent 5 nights in this hotel and both family and I enjoyed our stay. The hotel was very close to downtown and Dubai Mall, which are popular tourist attractions in the city. `My kids enjoyed the hotel breakfast and spent good time in the hotel swimming pool I highly recommend the hotel for family travelers. Show more Show less Ibrahim Saudi Arabia Leva Hotel and Suites, Opposite Downtown Al Wasl, Dubai From CAD 193 per night 8.6 Fabulous 7,167 reviews emyat, Sara, yin, Mustafa, Vivek in the reception were very helpful The room was spacious and clean All facilities in the Hotel and near from Dubai mall and metro station Th reception is very helpful Internet is very good Location near from downtown and prime location And thank you ismail Show more Show less HAOJIE China Hotel Indigo Dubai Downtown, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Dubai From CAD 262 per night 8.9 Fabulous 2,863 reviews One of the best hotels I have experienced in my life. it is piece of art. Every single piece of furniture was designed for the general theme of the hotel. Very cleanse and nice staff. Very good location only 10 minutes walking to Dubai mall and downtown. Show more Show less Hamad United Arab Emirates Holiday Inn Express Dubai Airport, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Garhoud, Dubai From CAD 125 per night 7.9 Good 17,552 reviews Hotel is very nice and beautiful.. Breakfast was too good 😊..It is near to Dubai international airport DXB so very much convenient.Pick up and drop facility also available by Hotel..only one drawback was that currency exchange not available at desk. Show more Show less SUNIL India Rove Downtown Hotel in Bur Dubai, Dubai From CAD 194 per night 9.2 Superb 9,989 reviews Location is perfect if you want do huge shopping-Dubai MALL just in front and only 7 min walking! Superb! Also i LOVE smell of this hotel! I stay before in Rove Marina,now in Rove downtown-both great! Show more Show less OLGA Latvia Premier Inn Dubai Investments Park Hotel in Dubai Investment Park, Dubai From CAD 83 per night 8.3 Very good 4,639 reviews The room was cleaned every day, with a good location, easy to reach Dubai Marina within 12 minutes, the way to the airport, about 30 minutes. Next time we're planning to stay in this hotel Show more Show less Milen United Arab Emirates Vida Dubai Marina & Yacht Club Hotel in Dubai Marina, Dubai From CAD 331 per night 9.3 Superb 946 reviews The building is beautifully designed, the location is excellent. Amira, the best person working in hotels in Dubai. The pool is one of the best in Marina. Show more Show less Hirad Canada Paramount Hotel Dubai Hotel in Dubai From CAD 345 per night 8.4 Very good 8,819 reviews 5 star hotel with nice room View , plus its Near to burj Khalifa & Dubai Mall , The room decoration is fantastic. Show more Show less Sufian United Arab Emirates The St. Regis Dubai, The Palm Hotel in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai From CAD 440 per night 9.2 Superb 1,225 reviews Room service, pool, mall, and many others. One of the best hotels I’ve been to in Dubai !!! Show more Show less Nora mosly Saudi Arabia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Dubai Emirate Look beyond Dubai and set off to discover more of Dubai Emirate. Hotels in the United Arab Emirates Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Flights to Al Maktoum International Airport Jet into this airport to explore Dubai at your leisure. Flights to Dubai International Airport Jet into this airport to explore Dubai at your leisure. Flights to Dubai Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Things to do in Dubai How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels in Sharjah Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Sharjah, not too far from Dubai. Hotels in Ras al Khaimah Find more hotels in a city close to Ras al Khaimah. Hotels near Dubai World Trade Centre Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Dubai Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|3,1833870,1871440,1870380|8,1847760|3,1847760,1870380,1866460,1846890