The Best Cornwall Hotels – Where To Stay in and around Cornwall, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Cornwall, United Kingdom Enter your dates and choose from 7,223 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom Cornwall Check out these popular cities in Cornwall Newquay 461 hotels Falmouth 199 hotels St Ives 275 hotels Penzance 255 hotels St Austell 155 hotels Bude 169 hotels Truro 168 hotels Padstow 178 hotels Looe 202 hotels Bodmin 105 hotels Fowey 85 hotels Redruth 46 hotels Stay in Cornwall's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Bodmin Jail Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Bodmin Situated in Bodmin, 31 km from Newquay Train Station, Bodmin Jail Hotel features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Exceeds expectation. The facilities were excellsnt, the service was way beyond expected and the breakfast was both special and satisfying. The place itself is on the Camel Trail, which suffices great adventure, nature, sightseeing and history. Likewise, the hotel.itself is right by the museum with a lot of historical, not to mention architectual value. The town itself is a way to experience countryside britain, with a nice pub, park and houses. If you want good restaurant, take your bike through the Camel Trail to wadebridge. Best to come when the whether is a little rainly.but not too cold. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 3,297 reviews Price from CAD 306 per night Check availability Holiday Inn Express - Bodmin - Victoria Junction, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Bodmin Boasting a terrace and a bar, Holiday Inn Express - Bodmin - Victoria Junction, an IHG Hotel is set in Bodmin, 22 km from Newquay Train Station and 13 km from Eden Project. Ideal in every way,great staff Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,078 reviews Price from CAD 115 per night Check availability OYO Minerva Guesthouse 3 stars Hotel in Newquay Less than a 2-minute stroll from the beach, OYO Minerva Guesthouse offers free WiFi, a bar, and a games room with a billiards table and dartboard. Lovely b&b just by the beach. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The owners were also very welcoming and friendly. Would definitely stay again if back in the area and recommend to others. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 1,732 reviews Price from CAD 101 per night Check availability The Beach Hotel in Bude With beautiful coastal views and a great beachfront location, The Beach has luxury rooms with stylish décor and free Wi-Fi. It also has a sun terrace and surfboard/bike storage. Great breakfast. Location, cleanliness, view, comfort excellent. Staff so friendly and accommodating Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,232 reviews Price from CAD 207 per night Check availability The Kingswood Hotel in St Austell Featuring a shared lounge, restaurant, bar and free WiFi, The Kingswood is located in St Austell, 28 km from Newquay Train Station and 10 km from Eden Project. Perfect stay even in a soggy November weekend Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 305 reviews Price from CAD 154 per night Check availability St Tudy Inn Hotel in Bodmin Set in Bodmin, 37 km from Newquay Train Station, St Tudy Inn offers accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. A true gem in the middle of the Cornish countryside! The facilities are all new and modern with a classic style that fits the setting. Amazing shower, comfy bed, beautiful room. The restaurant was excellent, some of the best food I've had in the UK. Would 100% stay here again! ***Note that the kitchen is closed on Mondays so there is NO breakfast included that day. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 135 reviews Price from CAD 213 per night Check availability Host St Ives 4 stars Hotel in St Ives Situated in St Ives, 300 metres from Porthminster Beach, Host St Ives features accommodation with a terrace, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Outstanding Location! Wow! The Host - is his own program on highest level!! Compliment… Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 187 reviews Price from CAD 330 per night Check availability The Gate Cornwall Hotel in Looe Set in Looe, 9 km from Looe Golf Club, The Gate Cornwall offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a bar. Everything !!: friendliness, happiness Beautiful rooms and Environment . A Great place to stay Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 115 reviews Price from CAD 285 per night Check availability The Wilcove Inn Hotel in Torpoint Situated in Torpoint, 13 km from Port Eliot Gardens, The Wilcove Inn features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. A lovely relaxed atomisphere, clean and tidy and well looked after. We loved it. Breakfast was delicious, with good quality produce and plenty of it. In the room was a cupboard with hairdryer and iron and lots of things you may need for comfort. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 326 reviews Price from CAD 178 per night Check availability Hotel Tresanton Hotel in Saint Mawes Located in Saint Mawes, 2.6 km from Cellars Beach, Hotel Tresanton provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. The Hotel / Location was fantastic. The sea view room was worth every penny. Show more Show less 9 Superb 140 reviews Price from CAD 353 per night Check availability See all 4,475 hotels in Cornwall Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Cornwall with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety The Beach Hotel in Bude 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 Beacon Country House Hotel & Luxury Shepherd Huts 3 stars Hotel in St. Agnes 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Tremarne Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Mevagissey 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 OYO Minerva Guesthouse 3 stars Hotel in Newquay 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Holiday Inn Express - Bodmin - Victoria Junction, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Bodmin 11 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 The Gate Cornwall Hotel in Looe 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Bodmin Jail Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Bodmin 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Host St Ives 4 stars Hotel in St Ives 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 St Tudy Inn Hotel in Bodmin 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 The Kingswood Hotel in St Austell 2 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 See all Most booked hotels in Cornwall in the past month See all Esplanade Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Newquay Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 8.6 Fabulous 2,394 reviews Penventon Park Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Redruth Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 8.5 Very good 1,374 reviews Legacy Hotel Victoria 3 stars Hotel in Newquay Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 7.7 Good 3,290 reviews Harbour Hotel Padstow 4 stars Hotel in Padstow Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 8.7 Fabulous 1,606 reviews St Michaels Resort, Falmouth 4 stars Hotel in Falmouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 8.2 Very good 1,560 reviews The Cornwall Hotel Spa & Lodges 4 stars Hotel in St Austell Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 8.3 Very good 2,877 reviews Pentire Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Newquay Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 7.9 Good 3,070 reviews The Alverton 4 stars Hotel in Truro Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 8.6 Fabulous 1,683 reviews Fistral Beach Hotel and Spa - Adults Only 4 stars Hotel in Newquay Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 8.9 Fabulous 2,886 reviews Camelot Castle Hotel Hotel in Tintagel Popular with guests booking hotels in Cornwall 7.6 Good 3,209 reviews Cornwall's best hotels with breakfast See all Newquay Beach Hotel Hotel in Newquay City Centre, Newquay Breakfast options Facing the beachfront, Newquay Beach Hotel offers 4-star accommodation in Newquay and features a terrace, restaurant and bar. location - easy access to train station , restaurants / pubs and is close to beach. sea view. Show more Show less From CAD 96 per night 8.1 Very good 1,838 reviews Fistral Beach Hotel and Spa - Adults Only Hotel in Newquay Breakfast options Situated overlooking Fistral Beach in Newquay, this adults only hotel and spa boasts a bar, restaurant and free Wi-Fi throughout. Fabulous clean, friendly spa hotel. Nothing was a problem and the food was fabulous. Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 8.9 Fabulous 2,886 reviews Hotel VARA Hotel in Truro Breakfast options Whether you're in Truro to visit the city, work, or explore, The Hotel VARA is an excellent base to stay on one of the best and leafiest streets in Truro, a short walk from Truro's Lemon Street, and... Beautiful boutique hotel, very friendly staff. Show more Show less From CAD 162 per night 8.0 Very good 1,026 reviews The Falcon Hotel Hotel in Bude Breakfast options Overlooking the Bude Canal and just minutes from the sandy beaches of the west Cornish coast, The Falcon Hotel offers free Wi-Fi and free parking on site. Everything. I real gem. Breathe of fresh air! Show more Show less From CAD 112 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,039 reviews The Alverton Hotel in Truro Breakfast options The Alverton is perched on the outskirts of Truro city centre. A magnificent, grade II listed building steeped in history, boasting original architecture dating back to the nineteenth century. The former church convent turned into a 4 stars Hotel was perfect. Show more Show less From CAD 121 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,683 reviews The Wellington Hotel Hotel in Boscastle Breakfast options In picturesque Boscastle, on the North Cornwall Coast, The Wellington Hotel features an award-winning restaurant and real ale bar. The historical building offers cosy log fires and scenic views. good atmosfere and very tastefull place! Show more Show less From CAD 120 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,120 reviews The Old Custom House Hotel in Padstow Breakfast options Offering light, elegant bedrooms with luxurious bathrooms, The Old Custom House overlooks Padstow’s medieval harbour. Fresh, local fish and seafood are served in the stylish restaurant. Location & the staff always so friendly & helpful 3rd time I’ve stayed there Show more Show less From CAD 143 per night 8.4 Very good 1,123 reviews Tyacks Hotel Hotel in Camborne Breakfast options Situated just off the A30 in Camborne, the 3-star Tyacks Hotel is a charming 18th-century coaching inn in the centre of Cornwall’s mining heritage area. It offers home-cooked meals and friendly staff.... Town ubication is unmatched. The hotel has a couple of restaurants around it, an Aldi next to it,... Show more Show less From CAD 92 per night 8.0 Very good 1,155 reviews Budget hotels in Cornwall See all The John Francis Basset Wetherspoon Hotel in Camborne Budget Hotel Located in Camborne and within 20 km of St Michael's Mount, The John Francis Basset Wetherspoon features a bar, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. we had a family room. Was very spacious practically huge. Show more Show less From CAD 101 per night 8.5 Very good 1,848 reviews Hotel Penzance Hotel in Penzance Budget Hotel With wonderful views across Penzance Bay, Hotel Penzance offers award-winning cuisine and boutique bedrooms. Guests can relax in the swimming pool in the Mediterranean-style gardens. Everything. I highly recommend this hotel. Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 8.0 Very good 1,190 reviews Esplanade Hotel Hotel in Newquay Budget Hotel Overlooking Fistral Beach with stunning Atlantic views, the Esplanade Hotel has an indoor child-friendly swimming pool, a spa bath, and a sauna. The view of the ocean was great from the lobby area. Show more Show less From CAD 86 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,394 reviews Whod Have Thought It Inn Hotel in Saltash Budget Hotel Situated in Saltash, 3 km from Cotehele House, Whod Have Thought It Inn features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. excellent pub food & beer rooms like new bed and shower fantastic Show more Show less From CAD 108 per night 8.4 Very good 183 reviews Seven Stars Penryn Hotel in Penryn Budget Hotel Situated in the centre of Penryn, Seven Stars Penryn features a restaurant and a bar. Featuring family rooms, this property also provides guests with a terrace. Free WiFi is available. Fantastic accommodation and welcoming staff. Show more Show less From CAD 128 per night 8.2 Very good 548 reviews Best Western Fowey Valley Hotel in Lostwithiel Budget Hotel Located just a 10-minute drive from the Eden Project, this modern hotel in Lostwithiel offers free Wi-Fi, an outdoor heated pool, free parking, and an on-site restaurant. Small yes has all facilities like a big hotel , with small swimming pool . Show more Show less From CAD 123 per night 8.5 Very good 953 reviews Tregenna Castle Resort Hotel in St Ives Budget Hotel Within 72 acres of private grounds, this Tregenna Castle Resort overlooks St Ives and the Cornish coast. We had an amazing stay here. The staff were so kind and accommodating. Show more Show less From CAD 109 per night 7.8 Good 2,987 reviews Great Western Hotel in Newquay City Centre, Newquay Budget Hotel Situated in Newquay’s lively centre, this 3-star hotel offers an impressive cliff-top terrace and bright bedrooms. Overlooking the Atlantic Ocean, the restaurant serves fresh local seafood. the location and the views are to die for! Show more Show less From CAD 77 per night 7.8 Good 2,344 reviews Hotels in Cornwall that you can book without a credit card See all OYO Minerva Guesthouse Hotel in Newquay No credit card needed Less than a 2-minute stroll from the beach, OYO Minerva Guesthouse offers free WiFi, a bar, and a games room with a billiards table and dartboard. Lovely b&b just by the beach. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 101 per night 9.3 Superb 1,732 reviews Host St Ives Hotel in St Ives No credit card needed Situated in St Ives, 300 metres from Porthminster Beach, Host St Ives features accommodation with a terrace, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Outstanding Location! Wow! The Host - is his own program on highest level!! Compliment… Show more Show less From CAD 330 per night 9.7 Exceptional 187 reviews The Gate Cornwall Hotel in Looe No credit card needed Set in Looe, 9 km from Looe Golf Club, The Gate Cornwall offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a bar. Everything !!: friendliness, happiness Beautiful rooms and Environment . A Great place to stay Show more Show less From CAD 285 per night 9.6 Exceptional 115 reviews Hotel Tresanton Hotel in Saint Mawes No credit card needed Located in Saint Mawes, 2.6 km from Cellars Beach, Hotel Tresanton provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. The Hotel / Location was fantastic. The sea view room was worth every penny. Show more Show less From CAD 353 per night 9.0 Superb 140 reviews The Claremont Hotel-Adult Only Hotel in Polperro No credit card needed Featuring free WiFi and a terrace, The Claremont Hotel-Adult Only offers adult-only accommodation in Polperro. Free private parking is available on site. You will find a shared lounge at the property.... Really nice family-run hotel with exceptionally friendly and pleasant staff. Show more Show less From CAD 222 per night 9.2 Superb 481 reviews The White House Hotel Hotel in Newquay No credit card needed Located a short walk from Newquay's beaches, bars, shops and restaurants, The White House Hotel offers boutique-style accommodation with a range of individually stylish rooms. The décor was amazing, wonderfully flamboyant while remaining highly stylized through out. Show more Show less From CAD 173 per night 9.3 Superb 390 reviews Tremarne Hotel Hotel in Mevagissey No credit card needed Tremarne Hotel is a stylish, award-winning property in a spectacular location just minutes from the Cornwall coast. The location was excellent. So quiet and peaceful. The staff were first class. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 758 reviews Driftwood Hotel in Porthscatho No credit card needed Offering a highly acclaimed restaurant and a private beach area, Driftwood is located in Truro, 4 miles from the Roseland Heritage Coast Sight. Free Wi-Fi access is available. the location - lovely sea view, in the country. Show more Show less From CAD 333 per night 9.0 Superb 183 reviews Cornwall highlights Surfing Cornwall offers a variety of surfing beaches and surf schools, which are among the best in the UK. Blue Flag beaches Situated on the UK's southwestern tip, Cornwall has 5 beaches awarded the international Blue Flag status. Country house gardens Cornwall's picturesque gardens are home to a variety of rare and beautiful plants and trees. Coastal walking trails Discover Cornwall's scenic coastal hikes, with several areas of cultural heritage and the longest coast of any English county. Water sports Get active in Cornwall with a variety of water sports, such as sailing, kayaking and boat trips. World Heritage Sites With a tin-mining history stretching back to pre-Roman times, Cornwall's historic mining landscape is important to the local culture. Farmers' markets Cornwall has a number of farmers' markets offering fresh, local produce including Cornish cheese, jams and vegetables. The Eden Project The space-age domes of this giant greenhouse are home to the largest indoor rainforest in the world. The Minack Theatre Carved into a cliff-face overlooking the restless sea below, this open-air theatre is nestled on the southern Cornish coastline. Cornish cream tea Those wanting to while away an afternoon can try this Cornish tradition, consisting of tea, scones, clotted cream and jam. FAQs about hotels in Cornwall How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Cornwall? On average, 3-star hotels in Cornwall cost CAD 179 per night, and 4-star hotels in Cornwall are CAD 244 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Cornwall can on average be found for CAD 292 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are some popular places to stay in and around Cornwall? Popular places to stay in Cornwall include hotels near The Lizard and Kynance Cove, Fistral Beach and St Michael's Mount. How much is a hotel in Cornwall for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Cornwall this weekend is CAD 361 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 495. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Cornwall for this weekend cost on average around CAD 624 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What hotels in Cornwall have nice views? The Gate Cornwall, The Whipsiderry Hotel and Driftwood have received great reviews from travellers in Cornwall regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying in Cornwall also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Tremarne Hotel, The Wilcove Inn and The Idle Rocks. What are the best hotels in Cornwall near The Lizard and Kynance Cove? Some of the best hotels in Cornwall near The Lizard and Kynance Cove include Haelarcher Farmhouse and Helicopter B&B, Haelarcher Helicopter Glamping and The Top House Inn. How much is a hotel in Cornwall for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 159 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Cornwall for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 208 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Cornwall will cost around CAD 230 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Cornwall are good for families? Many families visiting Cornwall loved staying at The Gate Cornwall, Host St Ives and St Tudy Inn. Similarly, Talland Bay Hotel, Looe, Boscundle Manor and The White House Hotel are also popular among family travellers. How many hotels in Cornwall are listed on Booking.com? There are 5,284 hotels in Cornwall you can book on Booking.com. What hotels in Cornwall offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Cornwall that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Beacon Country House Hotel & Luxury Shepherd Huts, Talland Bay Hotel, Looe and Driftwood. Breakfast at these hotels in Cornwall are also highly rated: Polraen Country House Hotel, Tremarne Hotel and The Claremont Hotel-Adult Only. What hotels in Cornwall are good for couples? Couples travelling in Cornwall loved staying at Host St Ives, Tremarne Hotel and The Gate Cornwall. Similarly, these hotels in Cornwall are highly rated by couples: The Kingswood, OYO Minerva Guesthouse and Boscundle Manor. What are the best hotels to stay in Cornwall? OYO Minerva Guesthouse, Bodmin Jail Hotel and The Beach are some of the popular hotels in Cornwall. In addition to these hotels, Holiday Inn Express - Bodmin - Victoria Junction, an IHG Hotel, Host St Ives and The Gate Cornwall are also popular in Cornwall. What are the best cities to stay in Cornwall? Newquay, Falmouth and St Austell are popular with other travellers visiting Cornwall. The Stuff of Legends Inhabited since prehistory, Cornwall is characterised by a series by rocky bays, fishing villages and spectacular coastline. Right at England’s western tip is Land’s End where sheer cliffs descend into the Atlantic Ocean. Along the coast is popular St Ives, home to many Cornwall hotels by the sea on Booking.com. Another fantastic beach resort is Penzance, while across the bay is St Michael’s Mount (not to be confused with similar Mont St-Michel in Normandy). Also boasting a wonderful beach is Newquay, though it is best known for its excellent surfing conditions. Further north is Tintagel, the stuff of legends due to its association with King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table. The remains of Tintagel Castle are perched dramatically on a rocky promontory, while inland on Bodmin Moor granite tors and stone monoliths only add to Cornwall’s feeling of mystery. Heading north towards Bude the Cornwall beaches become longer, while on the southern coast Looe is a picturesque town curving around an inlet. To the east near St Austell is the Eden Project, huge domes housing thousands of plants from all over the world. The county town of Cornwall is Truro, home to an impressive cathedral overlooking the River Fal which flows down to Falmouth Bay, a great spot to try some local Cornish ice cream. Planning a trip? Get inspired by reviews of cities in Cornwall 8.0 It was a bit hilly when on foot, but that's Cornwall and... It was a bit hilly when on foot, but that's Cornwall and that's what you expect and that's what brings the likes of us, back again and again. One very small point, in and around the centre, we (visitor) gents also need a public 'loo' nearer the shopping area. We found one . . . . eventually, in a large car park after driving around a bit. Show more Show less John United Kingdom 10 Not just a great location for all things Stein, Padstow is a... Not just a great location for all things Stein, Padstow is a lovely little town with charm, character and lots to see and do. Fabulous scenery in and around the area. Well situated as a centre for touring Cornwall or great for families who want a beach holiday Show more Show less gerard United Kingdom 8.0 Bodmin itself is nowhere as nice as it used to be, looks... Bodmin itself is nowhere as nice as it used to be, looks quite run down these days. However it is an excellent base for a holiday in North Cornwall and we usually stay in that area when we visit Cornwall. There are lots of lovely villages, gardens and beaches within easy reach, both towards the north and south coasts, and many really good pubs for dining. The standard of pub dining in that area seems to be very high. Show more Show less Kay United Kingdom 6.0 Newquay is like the cleethorpes of cornwall its not very... Newquay is like the cleethorpes of cornwall its not very nice but central to get to all the more remote, beautiful places in cornwall suh as crantock bay, padstoe, lustyglaze, st ives etc Show more Show less Lucy United Kingdom 8.0 Great as a central location for visiting places of interest... Great as a central location for visiting places of interest around Cornwall. Need a car. Not much doing in Delabole itself. We stayed in the Poldark Inn, which had lovely food, and was very friendly. Show more Show less pauline United Kingdom 10 Falmouth is a beautiful area of Cornwall with great walks,... Falmouth is a beautiful area of Cornwall with great walks, views, stunning gardens close by, great eating places and many events. The area is close to Truro with its lovely cathedral, and which can be accessed easily by car, bus, train or ferry. The Princess Pavilion in Falmouth has a variety of entertainment and there is a cinema in the town. The amphitheatre at Trebah Gardens is a short drive away and offers some great entertainment. It is a short ferry crossing across to St Mawes where there are more great walks and its own castle. A little bit further down towards Lands End is the wonderful open air Minack Theatre. Families will enjoy Gyllyngvase beach which is a short walk from Falmouth town centre and, right on the beach, the Gylly Beach cafe. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 8.0 A charming old inn conveniently placed for exploring... A charming old inn conveniently placed for exploring Cornwall. The food was good but on the upper range of prices for this type of food. The staff were helpful and friendly. Our room although perfectly adequate coul do with a refurb. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 6.0 Despite the road improvements traveling to Cornwall... Despite the road improvements traveling to Cornwall continues to be a challenge! Significant traffic delays between junctions 23 and 25 on the M5 with no apparent cause or reason can add an extra 2 hours to your holiday journey which takes away from a lovely weekend escape!! Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 10 If you’re a fan of the British show, Doc Martin you’d enjoy... If you’re a fan of the British show, Doc Martin you’d enjoy wandering around the village. Narrow passageways, great places to eat and very reasonably priced shops makes this village a good stop on your trip around Cornwall. Show more Show less Rosemary Canada 8.0 Good base to travel all over Cornwall had lots of national... Good base to travel all over Cornwall had lots of national trusts to visit. Lots of good eating places . Lots to do in Newquay with stunning beaches,zoo,Aqurium and lots more. Beautiful walks too. Show more Show less Sandra United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Cornwall See all Green Apple Bed and Breakfast Carbis Bay 9.1 Superb 380 reviews A friendly welcome from Adrian on arrival after our long journey from the Midlands for our friends wedding at the nearby Carbis Bay Hotel. Our double room was clean and comfortable with a sea view. Over our 3 day stay we drove to St Ives, Hayle and Penzance, all of which are very beautiful. We could just as easily have caught a bus or the train if we had decided not to travel by car. Would certainly recommend and will be booking again should we return to this area of Cornwall Show more Show less Mandy United Kingdom Camelot Castle Hotel Hotel in Tintagel From CAD 111 per night 7.6 Good 3,209 reviews The location for the Hotel is amazing - overlooking Tintagel castle and the North Cornwall Coast. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was excessively priced at £17.95 for what it was and the evening menu was okay but didn't change from night to night. The paintings are all over the place and out of character with the hotel / castle and some of them were not very good. The painter himself hovers around around all the time which felt strange. Show more Show less Roger United Kingdom The Wellington Hotel Hotel in Boscastle From CAD 120 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,120 reviews The Hotel staff at the Wellington really made our visit. They were very helpful and accommodating.They took extra time to answer our questions and tell us about nearby places that we may want to visit during our stay. We had to check out early to catch a train and I had left a pair of earrings behind. They contacted me first and asked if I wanted them to mail the earrings to me! We had an exceptional stay and will definitely stay there again when visiting Cornwall. Show more Show less Lisa United States Borthalan House Carbis Bay 9.3 Superb 130 reviews Had an amazing stay here complemented by the wonderful owners Margaret and Martin who greeted us with the warmest welcome, they made us feel so at home and the attention to details throughout our stay was so lovely! The breakfast every morning was exceptional and some mornings we enjoyed this whilst sat outside with the most stunning view of the sea, couldn’t recommend staying here enough! We will sure be back when visiting Cornwall ☺️ Show more Show less Kirsty United Arab Emirates Port Gaverne Hotel Port Isaac From CAD 219 per night 8.2 Very good 897 reviews The hotel is exactly what you hope for when you plan to visit Cornwall. It is charming and well furnished. Our room was beautiful and had a gorgeous view. Everything was very comfortable and excellent quality. We had dinner the first night, and it was wonderful. (cheese souffle for the win!) The staff on our check-in day was friendly and warm. It's close to Port Isaac, and the private parking was a huge asset. Show more Show less Linda United States The Falcon Hotel Hotel in Bude From CAD 112 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,039 reviews The Falcon Hotel has been a meeting place for me and my family for as long as I can remember, over 50 years. Together with The Brendon pub next door, The Falcon Hotel is an icon of Bude and in fact North Cornwall. The Falcon Hotel is of historical importance, it is a wonderful building in an amazing location. The staff are local, friendly and always helpful. I look forward very much to returning in the future. Show more Show less Michael Australia Harbour Retreat Padstow - Entire Apartment Padstow From CAD 589 per night 9.3 Superb 33 reviews Wonderful large apartment, fully equipped and centrally located. Even nicer than the beautiful photos: tastefully decorated with a maritime, Cornwall theme and impeccably maintained. It's not a budget place, but if you are looking for a beautiful apartment, centrally located with a full kitchen and direct access to Padstow's reknowned restaurants, this is the place to stay. Highly recommend. Show more Show less Lee United States Trehellas House Hotel & restaurant Bodmin From CAD 77 per night 8.0 Very good 1,135 reviews Lots of space. If you were staying a while you would easily be able to unpack properly. Good breakfast. Swimming pool available in summer. Very useful folder of information about the hotel and local area. Including the free Wi-Fi code - always appreciate not having to pay for Wi-Fi. Hotel is in an excellent location for accessing both north and south coast of Cornwall. Show more Show less Sylvia United Kingdom Porthpean Apartment Charlestown From CAD 181 per night 9.4 Superb 19 reviews Super nice little apartment in the quietest of areas. Apartment was very functional and had all the necessities. Short walk to the beach, easy to visit Charlestown Harbor and closeby to grocery, restaurants, bank etc. Easy check in and out was nice. Central location to see Cornwall and still be able to come back to call and quiet. Nice view of the bay very relaxing! Show more Show less Michelle United States Hotel Meudon Hotel in Falmouth From CAD 213 per night 8.7 Fabulous 547 reviews Everything about the Hotel Meudon far surpassed our expectations, from the lovely (and spacious) cottage in which my husband, myself and our two children stayed, to the gorgeous grounds and the absolutely gourmet food we had at each meal. We have determined this will be the only place we stay when we return to Cornwall, and feel so lucky to have found it online. Show more Show less Lise United States Tremarne Hotel Hotel in Mevagissey 9.5 Exceptional 758 reviews Another fabulous stay at the Tremarne Hotel this weekend. Would thoroughly recommend to everyone, it really is a little gem in a beautiful part of Cornwall. Wes and Tam are fabulous hosts and make you feel extremely welcome and comfortable. Food is amazing and the rooms are lovely with great views. Looking forward to returnin Show more Show less Kristy United Kingdom The Longboat Inn Penzance From CAD 91 per night 7.9 Good 2,033 reviews The people who work there are kind and considerate, many thanks to them. I liked the Cornwall design. For the dinner, we sat at a table with a great view on the harbor and the blue sea and palm trees. The hotel is very close to a large public parking that is not expensive. It is also quite close to the Scillonian ferry port. Show more Show less Anne United States Mannings Hotel Hotel in Truro From CAD 205 per night 8.4 Very good 1,212 reviews The location is pretty good. Truro wasn't anything special to us and our goal was to visit the rest of Cornwall which we did. We did enjoy having the modernized outlets on each side of the bed. The staff is wonderful and the morning breakfast was very nice. The Co-op store is open later and we visited often. Show more Show less Bruce United States Bowood Park Hotel Camelford From CAD 188 per night 8.4 Very good 1,306 reviews Everyone were so friendly especially the house keeping (Top Marks for the ladies) and the Bar staff. Breakfast was perfect, Typical English thank god !! , The Golf course is really good. Perfect Hotel for a Golf Tour of Cornwall. In the words of Arnold Schwarzenegger "I´ll be back" Show more Show less Michael-David Germany Holiday Inn Express - Bodmin - Victoria Junction, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Bodmin From CAD 115 per night 9.0 Superb 1,078 reviews We loved the hotel for its good breakfast, simple but effective dinner options, and a lovely set of staff. In-house parking is near and very convenient. Hassle free check-in and check-out facilities. Strategically located to access key locations around Cornwall within a 30-50 min drive. Show more Show less Partha Sarathi United Arab Emirates Bucklawren Farm Looe 9.6 Exceptional 173 reviews Beautifully maintained, spacious and historical farm house, formerly of the Dutchy of Cornwall and thoughtful transformed into a 5 roomed well appointed Hotel/B&B overlooking Looe Island and the spectacular bay that has delighted so many holiday makers for many decades. Show more Show less Martyn United Kingdom Dolphins Backpackers Tintagel From CAD 51 per night 8.8 Fabulous 620 reviews John runs an absolutely stellar hostel. He is attentive to travelers' needs and even anticipates them.. He is knowledgeable about Cornwall and ready to hear stories of travels and offer tips. The discount at the Tintagel Arms is also a pretty sweet bonus. Show more Show less christian United States Wyndham Trenython Manor Fowey From CAD 191 per night 8.5 Very good 1,083 reviews Bungalow 508 The lovely Italian designed main Hotel building. The woodland walk Proximity to North Cornwalls main attractions The lovely staff The overall ambiance ! The hundreds of wood carvings in the breakfast room. The sea views. Show more Show less Phil United Kingdom Marazion Hotel Hotel in Marazion From CAD 222 per night 9.2 Superb 624 reviews The attitude of the staff, without exception, was helpful, friendly and efficient. It was a pleasure to stay at the hotel. If I were to visit Cornwall again, I would certainly stay at the Marazion Hotel. Show more Show less Scott United Kingdom The Edgcumbe Hotel & DECK Restaurant Bude From CAD 116 per night 8.9 Fabulous 607 reviews Hotel was beautiful. Breakfast was amazing! Location I honestly couldn't fault. It was perfect. Lived in Cornwall all my life and never been to bude. Was amazing. Will definitely come back again Show more Show less Sarah United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in England Thinking about a longer trip? Looking for ideas for other destinations? Take a look at nearby England and continue your search! Visit Newquay Visitor info for a popular local city. Flights from London to Newquay Find and compare prices for popular flight routes. Car hire near Newquay Cornwall Airport Pick up your rental car as soon as you touch down. Holiday Homes in Cornwall Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. B&Bs in Cornwall Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Lake District Hit the road and make the most of your trip by discovering another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels in Scotland Discover another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels in the United Kingdom Set off to explore the whole country. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440