The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Amsterdam, Netherlands - Amsterdam hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Amsterdam Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Amsterdam hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Netherlands Noord-Holland Amsterdam Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Amsterdam – 515 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates XO Hotels Park West Hotel in Sloterdijk, Amsterdam Attractively situated in the Sloterdijk district of Amsterdam, XO Hotels Park West is situated 3.6 km from Anne Frank House, 4.1 km from Royal Palace Amsterdam and 4.2 km from Amsterdam Central... Show more 8.4 Very good 8,658 reviews Price fromCAD 110.16per night Check availability XO Hotels Couture Hotel in Slotervaart, Amsterdam Set within a 5-minute walk from Amsterdam’s World Fashion Centre and a 17-minute tram ride from the Museum Quarter, XO Hotels Couture offers its guests air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, an on-site... Show more 8.5 Very good 7,132 reviews Price fromCAD 115.90per night Check availability easyHotel Amsterdam Arena Boulevard Hotel in Zuidoost, Amsterdam EasyHotel Amsterdam Arena Boulevard is situated in Amsterdam, next to Bijlmer Arena train station, 300 metres from Amsterdam Arena and 8 km from Amsterdam city centre. Show more 7.3 Good 6,609 reviews Price fromCAD 92.27per night Check availability Leonardo Royal Hotel Amsterdam Hotel in Oost, Amsterdam Set in Amsterdam, 3.4 km from Amsterdam RAI, Leonardo Royal Hotel Amsterdam offers accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Show more 8.2 Very good 6,559 reviews Price fromCAD 125.23per night Check availability Inntel Hotels Amsterdam Centre Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Inntel Hotels Amsterdam Centre offers rooms with free Wi-Fi and satellite TV, just a 5-minute walk from Amsterdam Central Station. It features a modern atrium breakfast room and a stylish bar. Show more 8.2 Very good 4,934 reviews Price fromCAD 248.99per night Check availability MEININGER Hotel Amsterdam Amstel Hotel in Oost, Amsterdam Located in Amsterdam, next to Amsterdam Amstel train station, MEININGER Hotel Amsterdam Amstel provides accommodation with a bar. Show more 8.1 Very good 3,777 reviews Price fromCAD 117.17per night Check availability Ruby Emma Hotel Amsterdam Hotel in Oost, Amsterdam The Ruby Emma Hotel Amsterdam is located alongside the Amstel river in Amsterdam. This hotel combines luxury, technology and sustainability in a living building shaped by nature. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 5,159 reviews Price fromCAD 149.39per night Check availability OZO Hotels Cordial Amsterdam Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam This hotel is located a 2-minute walk from Dam Square and its Royal Palace. Cordial Hotel Dam Square offers a 24-hour front desk and free Wi-Fi. Amsterdam Central Station is 10 minutes by foot. Show more 6.7 Pleasant 2,787 reviews Price fromCAD 112.78per night Check availability The Old Nickel Hotel Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam The Old Nickel is located in the city centre of Amsterdam and just a 3-minute walk from Central Station. It offers budget rooms and a bar. Free WiFi is available. Show more 6.8 Pleasant 2,944 reviews Price fromCAD 95.20per night Check availability Q-Factory Hotel Hotel in Oost, Amsterdam Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Q-Factory Hotel offers accommodation in Amsterdam. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Parking is available on site against a surcharge. Show more 7.1 Good 3,214 reviews Price fromCAD 114.21per night Check availability See all 848 hotels in Amsterdam Cheapest time to stay in Amsterdam In January you can stay in Amsterdam for an average price of CA$172 per night CA$426CA$341CA$256CA$171CA$85CA$0 CA$172 Jan CA$192 Feb CA$223 Mar CA$329 Apr CA$309 May CA$291 Jun CA$258 Jul CA$271 Aug CA$287 Sep CA$279 Oct CA$229 Nov CA$218 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Amsterdam in the past month See all Park Inn by Radisson Amsterdam City West Hotel in Westpoort, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 7.9 Good · 17,067 reviews Best Western Amsterdam Hotel in Slotervaart, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 7.7 Good · 8,039 reviews ibis Amsterdam Centre Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 7.7 Good · 7,798 reviews Holiday Inn Express Amsterdam Arena Towers, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Zuidoost, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 7.8 Good · 14,037 reviews Hampton By Hilton Amsterdam Arena Boulevard Hotel in Zuidoost, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 8.1 Very good · 10,231 reviews Olympic Hotel Hotel in Oud Zuid, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 8.5 Very good · 8,937 reviews Novotel Amsterdam City Hotel in Zuideramstel, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 8.2 Very good · 5,830 reviews Hotel Levell Hotel in Zuidoost, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 8.2 Very good · 12,095 reviews Room Mate Aitana Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 8.5 Very good · 9,504 reviews Park Plaza Victoria Amsterdam Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Popular with guests booking hotels in Amsterdam 8.5 Very good · 8,064 reviews Amsterdam's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel 717 Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Breakfast options In a prime location in the centre of Amsterdam, Hotel 717 provides air-conditioned rooms, a garden, free WiFi and a terrace. This 5-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a concierge service. The most beautiful hotel! The staff was lovely as well Avg. price/night: CAD 561.13 9.1 Superb · 668 reviews Pillows Grand Boutique Hotel Maurits at the Park - Small Luxury Hotels Hotel in Oost, Amsterdam Breakfast options Pillows Grand Boutique Hotel Maurits at the Park - Small Luxury Hotels is located in the Oosterpark in a former monumental university building, next to Tropenmuseum. Excellent restaurant, staff and the building is amazing. Avg. price/night: CAD 553.34 9.3 Superb · 262 reviews Hotel The Craftsmen Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Breakfast options Set in Amsterdam, less than 1 km from Royal Palace Amsterdam, Hotel The Craftsmen features views of the city. Excellent location the breakfast was very tasty Avg. price/night: CAD 534.63 9.2 Superb · 580 reviews The July - Twenty Eight Hotel in Oud Zuid, Amsterdam Breakfast options The unique The July - Twenty Eight offers a new hotel/apartment concept with spacious, comfortable design apartments combined with the service and facilities of a luxury hotel. Very clean hotel rooms . Amazing property .Great staff Avg. price/night: CAD 321.25 9.1 Superb · 585 reviews Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Breakfast options Set along the UNESCO World Heritage listed Herengracht, Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam consists of 6 monumental 17th century canal palaces. it was super peaceful, the staff were very welcoming Avg. price/night: CAD 1,552.69 9.6 Exceptional · 235 reviews Conservatorium Hotel Hotel in Oud Zuid, Amsterdam Breakfast options In the heart of Amsterdam’s famous museum district, just a short walk from the main attractions and city hotspots, is the Conservatorium Hotel. I liked the Service, room comfort, and facilities. Avg. price/night: CAD 1,134.73 9.0 Superb · 329 reviews Ambassade Hotel Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Breakfast options Situated in Amsterdam, 700 metres from Royal Palace Amsterdam, Ambassade Hotel offers accommodation with a bar and private parking. This 4-star hotel offers a business centre and a concierge service. That is the wonderful maze inside and fantastic rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 324.15 9.1 Superb · 953 reviews Sofitel Legend The Grand Amsterdam Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Breakfast options This 5-star luxury hotel in the heart of Amsterdam offers luxurious rooms in an unique historical ambiance with French elegance. A blend of Dutch history and French luxurious contemporary design. Super friendly and helpful staff. Clean and cosy hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 604.77 9.0 Superb · 810 reviews Budget hotels in Amsterdam See all The Social Hub Amsterdam West 4 star Hotel in Slotervaart, Amsterdam Budget Hotel Situated in Amsterdam, 3.8 km from Anne Frank House, The Social Hub Amsterdam West 4 star features accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Everyone was so friendly, room was cozy and clean. Bed was comfy. Avg. price/night: CAD 109.23 8.4 Very good · 2,120 reviews Four Elements Hotel Hotel in Amsterdam Budget Hotel Situated in Amsterdam, close to the IJburg harbor Four Elements Hotel has a Energy neutral design. It features accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a sky bar and a terrace. Breakfast was home cooked with excellent farm eggs Avg. price/night: CAD 116.90 8.2 Very good · 5,187 reviews MEININGER Hotel Amsterdam Amstel Hotel in Oost, Amsterdam Budget Hotel Located in Amsterdam, next to Amsterdam Amstel train station, MEININGER Hotel Amsterdam Amstel provides accommodation with a bar. Clean tidy friendly staff train station so close for travel Avg. price/night: CAD 124.70 8.1 Very good · 3,777 reviews Hotel Levell Hotel in Zuidoost, Amsterdam Budget Hotel Set in Amsterdam, only 15 minutes away from the Amsterdam City Center, and 1.3 km from Amsterdam Arena, Hotel Levell features rooms with air conditioning and free WiFi. The bathroom is spacious and the shower is amazing Avg. price/night: CAD 101.91 8.2 Very good · 12,095 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Amsterdam Arena Atlas Hotel in Zuidoost, Amsterdam Budget Hotel Situated in the business district of Amsterdam, Courtyard by Marriott Amsterdam Arena Atlas offers a bar and a spacious lobby, decorated with the hotel's signature staircase. Location was perfect and room was perfectly cleaned Avg. price/night: CAD 152.75 8.2 Very good · 2,477 reviews Corendon Amsterdam New-West, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel Hotel in Slotervaart, Amsterdam Budget Hotel Corendon Amsterdam New-West, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel is located in Amsterdam and has free WiFi access available. The property also offers a restaurant and a fitness centre. Very lovely facilities and right next to the metro Avg. price/night: CAD 118.46 8.1 Very good · 7,789 reviews Volkshotel Hotel in Oost, Amsterdam Budget Hotel Volkshotel is located in the East district of Amsterdam, only 50 metres from metro station Wibautstraat. Great fun and a bit quirky. Lots of things going on Avg. price/night: CAD 91.96 8.6 Fabulous · 3,979 reviews Hampton By Hilton Amsterdam Arena Boulevard Hotel in Zuidoost, Amsterdam Budget Hotel Hampton By Hilton Amsterdam Arena Boulevard is situated next to the Johan Cruijff ArenA. and opposite train and subway station Bijlmer Arena. It’s was clean, quiet and staff were very helpful. Avg. price/night: CAD 132.74 8.1 Very good · 10,231 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Amsterdam See all Park Mansion Hotel Hotel in Oud Zuid, Amsterdam Central location The Park Mansion Hotel is located next to the Vondelpark and a 5-minute walk from the Leidseplein. Lovely space, amazing garden accessible only from our room. 9.9 Exceptional · 25 reviews Hotel TwentySeven - Small Luxury Hotels of the World Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Central location Right in the heart of the city overlooking the Royal Palace, the National Monument on Dam Square and the Rokin, you will find Hotel TwentySeven. Excellent location with beautiful suites to enjoy. Avg. price/night: CAD 935.22 9.8 Exceptional · 211 reviews Botel Zwaantje Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Central location Attractively situated in Amsterdam, Botel Zwaantje features air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge and a terrace. Buenísima onda Frank la pasé de diez super recomendable 9.5 Exceptional · 13 reviews Boutique Hotel The Noblemen Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Central location Set in the centre of Amsterdam, Boutique Hotel The Noblemen is located less than 1 km from Rembrandtplein and a 12-minute walk from Anne Frank House. perfection in every detail and the warmest service 9.4 Superb · 611 reviews The Posthoorn Amsterdam Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Central location The Posthoorn Amsterdam is situated in a 17th-century canal house, only 10 minutes’ walk from Central Railway Station. Guests at Posthoorn benefit from modern facilities and free Wi-Fi. 9.3 Superb · 3 reviews Hotelboat Iris Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Central location This unique boat offers basic hotel-style rooms with scenic River IJ views in the centre of Amsterdam, 15 minutes’ walk from Amsterdam Central Railway Station. very warm comfortable and relaxed excellent breakfast 9.3 Superb · 397 reviews Botel Elodie Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Central location Ideally set in the centre of Amsterdam, Botel Elodie features air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a terrace. Staying on a boat was so special and Chango a superb host 9.2 Superb · 166 reviews MPS Flora Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam Central location Set in Amsterdam and with Rembrandt House reachable within 1.1 km, MPS Flora offers express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi throughout the property and a terrace. Freundliche Atmosphäre, wunderbare Lage, extrem gemütlich. 9.2 Superb · 33 reviews The Best Culture and Nightlife this Side of a Canal Jump on your city bike or hop on a canal boat and admire Amsterdam, the Venice of the North! The beautiful city houses, romantic bridges, iconic canals and street cafés create its unique atmosphere and give you an ultimate taste of its fascinating past. Famous for its museums, most important of which are located in the Museumplein, Amsterdam offers you a chance to see unforgettable masterpieces by Rembrandt, Van Gogh, Mondriaan and more. The Anne Frank House is a sobering reminder of the city’s more recent history. After a lot of walking, the Rijksmuseum is a great place to rest and get some extra culture before visiting Amsterdam’s lovely Vondelpark. The medieval Old Centre with the always busy Dam Square and the tempting Red Light District is the most visited part of Amsterdam. Make sure to stop at Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein, homes to the best nightlife venues. Shop till you drop at Amsterdam’s most luxury shopping street, PC Hooftstraat, the most popular street market at Albert Cuyp or in the fancy design shops of the Jordaan district. Famous pancakes and frites with mayonnaise are a must-try! The more adventurous traveller might want to try the pickled herring, followed closely by a local beer. All these attractions are just a short train ride from the Amsterdam’s Schiphol Airport. Whether you want to stay at a cosy hotel on a canal, a modern apartment in a quiet part of the city or a room in the centre of everything, Booking.com has a perfect accommodation for your Amsterdam vacation. Learn more about visiting Amsterdam 636 attractions 118 points of interest 26 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Amsterdam City trip 135,101 reviews Boating 5,716 reviews Sightseeing 60,868 reviews Road trip 5,406 reviews Food trip 83,108 reviews Shopping 20,088 reviews What guests said about Amsterdam: 10 The canals and the surrounding architecture just fascinated... The canals and the surrounding architecture just fascinated us! We walked and used the trams to get around. Our visits to the Anne Frank Huis, the Riksmuseum, the Jewish Quarter, and our concert at The Concertgebouwe were quite wonderful. And the people of Amsterdam were truly generous and kind. John United States 10 Lots to see and do, offering something for just about anyone... Lots to see and do, offering something for just about anyone. A very 'walkable' city, but also excellent public transport system. Recommend buying a GVB multi-day ticket to hop on and off bus, tram and metro within and beyond the city centre. Passenger ferries (at back of Centraal Station) across the Ij to Amsterdam Noord are free! James United Kingdom 10 Amsterdam is always a lot of fun. Amsterdam is always a lot of fun. There is a great complex of museums, including the Rijkmuseum, Van Gogh museum, MOCO, Anne Frank House, etc. Navigating the streets through the canals is an adventure and there are plenty of nice restaurants and bars, as well as a sufficient supply of dives. Steven France 10 Went to visit the museums, took a canal cruise, walked... Went to visit the museums, took a canal cruise, walked through the old town to Dam Square. Very beautiful, varied city, so much to do. Easy to walk around, trams and a metro too. Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh museum are both outstanding. Anne Franks House very moving, Rembrants House very interesting. Great shopping from high street brands to boutique shops in the old town. Lovely jewellery! Michelle Ireland 10 Rijksmuseum is world-class and not to be missed. Rijksmuseum is world-class and not to be missed. Get a guided tour! Also enjoyed the Van Gogh Museum with a great guide. We went to many outdoor markets and small shops and loved it all. Anne Frank House and Museum, our most anticipated visit, was amazing. Lots of stairs as you might imagine. Bicyclists are everywhere and they are fast! So great to see so many families everywhere walking and cycling together. The weather was crisp and cool, but it gets dark early in the late fall and winter, so plan ahead. Amazing architecture and culture are not to be missed! Elaine United States 8.0 There is the tourstic Amsterdam and the Amsterdam of the... There is the tourstic Amsterdam and the Amsterdam of the locals: In my opinion two totally different experiences!!! And my friend and I preferred the latter. The Center is packed with tourists. You cannot have any sense of the Dutch culture, its too busy and dirty. We visited other neighborhoods like De Plantage and Lange Leidsedwarsstraat and enjoyed the long walks there as well as the restaurants and bars they offer. We found the restaurant and bars in those neighborhoods much better than the ones in the city center in terms of quality of food, quality of service, and atmosphere. Wasko Explore guest reviews of hotels in Amsterdam See all Hotel Jakarta Amsterdam Hotel in Zeeburg, Amsterdam From CAD 290 per night 8.9 Fabulous 6,533 reviews This is my place to go when I want to spend a weekend in Amsterdam. The place is so green and cosy that instantly you are transport to a chill ambient. The cocktails are really good in both places (Restaurant and rooftop bar) I like to choose a room in the 8th floor and I always pay a bit more to have a room with terrace or the Suite that has an increible V shape with awesome views. Pool and Spa are great too! This hotel for me has a great price/value ratio and I found it nicer that some of the 5 star hotels in the city. Show more Show less Grace Netherlands Mercure Amsterdam North Station Hotel in Amsterdam Noord, Amsterdam From CAD 117 per night 8.9 Fabulous 3,363 reviews This was one of the best hotel experiences I've had. Clean and comfortable room, very friendly stuff, great location (even though the hotel is not in the city center, it is less than a minute walk from the metro). The breakfast was good as well (the dishes dont change much but there is a big variety of them so we could change when we wanted). It was quite and warm in the room (we stayed in April and it was quite cold outside). Overall, I am very happy and will probably stay here again. Show more Show less marygogetter Israel Conscious Hotel Westerpark Hotel in Westerpark, Amsterdam From CAD 116 per night 8.4 Very good 2,883 reviews Fantastic central location, close to Westerpark with plenty of pubs and restaurants. Bus stops close by to take you further into the city center. If travelling by car, we recommend parking for 1 euro a day at P+R car park Bos en Lommert. Only condition is you have to take the bus outside car park to the city, but it's easy and cheap and the bus stops 150 m away from this hotel. Same when picking up the car. Do this and parking in Amsterdam costs 1 euro a day! Show more Show less Ciska Australia Holiday Inn Express Amsterdam - Sloterdijk Station, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Westpoort, Amsterdam From CAD 116 per night 7.9 Good 7,200 reviews Hotel was convenient for travelers who want to reach airport as well as city center within 5 min. It is located between Amsterdam central station and Schiphol airport very close to both location. It is right in front of Sloterdijk station. Room was clean with good size. Staff was nice and helpful. The price was reasonable compared to other hotels at this level with this location. I recommend this hotels to all. Show more Show less Afshin Canada MEININGER Hotel Amsterdam City West Hotel in Westpoort, Amsterdam From CAD 32 per night 8.0 Very good 5,095 reviews Location: perfect by tram 15mins to city centre (Leidseplein). To Central Statio it takes by metro 40 mins or 2x trams 35mins. However, train is faster 10-15mins (but its a different ticket). P+R is excellent there if you travel by car (even cheaper as the Hotel offers 15eur/night). Pet-friendly. Our little dog was with us for 15eur/night. Show more Show less Jayden Tan Germany Hotel Park Plantage Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam From CAD 95 per night 7.1 Good 1,738 reviews You get what you pay for. It was the cheapest options that we could find for 4 nights in Amsterdam, 4 nights, 400 EUR. Location super, far from noise, but still in city centre, tram station just right in front of the hotel, number 14, goes through city centre all the way to the Amsterdam Centraal Station, so PERFECT! Show more Show less Sanja Serbia Hotel V Frederiksplein Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam From CAD 100 per night 7.8 Good 1,453 reviews The location was quite good and easy to find from the airport 🛫. Also, it's close to the city centre and major attractions in Amsterdam. The Heineken experience is about 10 minutes walk from the hotel and so are many other interesting places. I also saw the booking.com building at the city centre, lol 😆 Show more Show less CHUKWUEMEKA BENSON United Kingdom Amsterdam Teleport Hotel Hotel in Westpoort, Amsterdam From CAD 45 per night 7.6 Good 7,147 reviews Staff attention was great even prior to check-in. Everyone was very kind and helpful. The bedroom and hotel facilities are clean. It is a bit far from the city centre but well connected by public transport as well as cycling routes. The zone is quiet at night which is great after the buzz of Amsterdam Show more Show less Carlos Mexico Apple Inn Hotel Hotel in Oud Zuid, Amsterdam From CAD 95 per night 7.7 Good 1,478 reviews Clean rooms, easy access with public transport to both the city centre, airport and Amsterdam outer areas. 24/7 staff service was excellent. Close to Vondelpark and hotel offers a good deal for bike rentals. nice restaurant and bakery within walking distance. Show more Show less Anonymous Australia Holiday Inn Express Amsterdam - North Riverside, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Amsterdam Noord, Amsterdam From CAD 136 per night 8.3 Very good 12,109 reviews The location of the hotel is very good, 15 minutes away from Amsterdam central and 20 minutes away from the city centre. The room and the needs were comfy, not too big, just adequate. There is a market right next to the hotel. Show more Show less Milos Serbia No. 377 House Hotel in Oud-West, Amsterdam From CAD 124 per night 8.2 Very good 441 reviews It was a great location. In walking distance to the main attractions of Amsterdam. I enjoyed my walk from the hotel to the city center. The room was also comfortable with almost all the amenities that I could expect. Show more Show less Hamid Canada Four Elements Hotel Hotel in Amsterdam From CAD 110 per night 8.2 Very good 5,187 reviews Great location for visiting Amsterdam city and surrounding area. Easy tram ride to the city centre. A few good bars and eateries close to the hotel plus a supermarket. Area good for cycle routes and water sports. Show more Show less Judith United Kingdom Nova Hotel Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam From CAD 145 per night 7.8 Good 1,884 reviews The location is wonderful, right at the heart of city centre, near the Dam Square and royal palace. The tram stop No.2 and 12 in front the hotel would connect us to Amsterdam main attractions and Central station. Show more Show less Dinh Luong Vietnam Hotel Amstelzicht Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam From CAD 168 per night 8.1 Very good 1,288 reviews The hotel is perfect located in the city center,everything is accessible by walk. The building is beautiful, an ancient and typical building of Amsterdam. The room was big enough for us, the bed very confortable. Show more Show less alissa Ireland Hotel Arena Hotel in Oost, Amsterdam From CAD 173 per night 8.1 Very good 2,876 reviews Very nice spacious hotel, beautifully decorated, comfortable bed, nice bathroom, in front of a beautiful park and with easy and quick access to the city center, best hotel that I’ve been in Amsterdam so far. Show more Show less Maira Germany Hampton By Hilton Amsterdam Arena Boulevard Hotel in Zuidoost, Amsterdam From CAD 124 per night 8.1 Very good 10,231 reviews Although the hotel is not located in the city centre, it is located opposite a train/metro station which makes it very easy and convenient to travel to different areas in Amsterdam. Show more Show less Megan South Africa Novotel Amsterdam City Hotel in Zuideramstel, Amsterdam From CAD 167 per night 8.2 Very good 5,836 reviews Fantastic hotel, best value money can give! It is not in the city center, but in a calm, clean suburb, near river Amstel, just a 20 minutes ride on the metro. Show more Show less Rosen Andonov Bulgaria The Old Nickel Hotel Hotel in Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam From CAD 81 per night 6.8 Review score 2,944 reviews The best place to stay in Amsterdam. Very close to the city center, room is nice and clean. Nice and helpful stuff. Definitely would stay there again. Show more Show less Anonymous Finland Hotel & Wellness Zuiver Hotel in Zuideramstel, Amsterdam From CAD 212 per night 8.3 Very good 3,561 reviews Best spa in Amsterdam (must visit). Great location if you don't need to be in the city center. Nice breakfast. Friendly service. Show more Show less Ron United States Xplore Hostel Amsterdam Amsterdam City Centre, Amsterdam From CAD 21 per night 7.1 Good 2,572 reviews The hotel is really accessible to Amsterdam Central Station as well as to the City Center attractions. Show more Show less Philip United Arab Emirates Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Paris Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Paris, also popular with our guests! Hotels in Brussels Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in the Netherlands Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Amsterdam City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Jordaan Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Things to do in Amsterdam How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels near Ziggo Dome Find the perfect hotel in Amsterdam with Ziggo Dome right on your doorstep. Hotels in Noord-Holland Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels near Schiphol Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Amsterdam Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760,1847760|3,1833870,1870380,1871440,1866460,1870380|8,1870380|3,1846890