The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Queenstown, New Zealand - Queenstown hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Queenstown Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Queenstown hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels New Zealand Otago Queenstown Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Queenstown – 817 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Ramada Queenstown Central 4 stars Hotel in Queenstown Offering luxuriously appointed rooms and apartments, Ramada Queenstown Central is situated in Queenstown. Susan United Kingdom Loved our view of the lake. Loved the central location. It was great on a long trip not to eat out for a change and catch up with some laundry Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 2,427 reviews Price from CAD 263 per night Check availability mi-pad Queenstown 4 stars Hotel in Queenstown Mi-pad Queenstown offers 4-star accommodation. All rooms are ensuite and feature a flat-screen smart TV and complimentary wifi. Oliver Germany Excellent location overlooking lake and city 5 minutes walking distance to downtown, pier and Queenstown Gardens. Clean, functional and well-designed room facilities, lovely rooftop terrace. Staff courteous, friendly and helpful. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 2,077 reviews Price from CAD 214 per night Check availability Swiss-Belsuites Pounamu Queenstown 5 stars Hotel in Queenstown Swiss-BelSuites Pounamu Queenstown offers luxury accommodation with stunning lake and mountain views. Freda South Africa Comfortable bed, big bathroom, well equipped apartment, knowledgeable, helpful team. Walking distance to shops, restaurants, and attractions. Also, on the bus route to the airport and to town. Oh, and there's a hot tub at the apartments, too! Show more Show less 7.4 Good 1,505 reviews Price from CAD 237 per night Check availability Sherwood 4 stars Hotel in Queenstown Sherwood is an eco-friendly hotel with an on-site restaurant and bar. The property is set on a hillside overlooking the picturesque Lake Wakatipu and the Remarkables Mountain Range. Tim Australia Warm, convivial atmosphere, aesthetically pleasing. Excellent restaurant. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 1,474 reviews Price from CAD 213 per night Check availability The Carlin Boutique Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Queenstown The Carlin Boutique Hotel features free bikes, fitness centre, a terrace and restaurant in Queenstown. Each accommodation at the 5-star hotel has city views, and guests can enjoy access to a hot tub. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 13 reviews Price from CAD 868 per night Check availability Quest Queenstown Apartments Remarkables Park 4 stars Hotel in Queenstown Located in Queenstown, 3 km from Queenstown Event Centre, Quest Queenstown Apartments Remarkables Park provides accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Reed Canada Great location. One if the nicest suites i’ve stayed in! Lovely, brand new building. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,350 reviews Price from CAD 212 per night Check availability The Rees Hotel & Luxury Apartments 5 stars Hotel in Queenstown The Rees Hotel & Apartments offers lakefront accommodation with private balconies and spectacular views. It features free WiFi and a free shuttle to the centre of Queenstown. Philip United Kingdom absolutely stunning room with amazing view. certainly one of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in over the years. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,232 reviews Price from CAD 397 per night Check availability Gibbston Valley Lodge and Spa 5 stars Hotel in Queenstown Located at the heart of the Central Otago wine region and just a 20-minute drive from Queenstown Airport, Gibbston Valley Lodge and Spa offers luxury accommodation, 5-star personal service, an on-site... Gillian United Kingdom fabulous staff - great location - delicious food and wine pretty perfect ! Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 221 reviews Price from CAD 960 per night Check availability Stoneridge Estate 5 stars Hotel in Queenstown Stoneridge Estate offers 5 star luxury bed and breakfast accommodation and fine dining in a tranquil setting, 15 minutes’ drive from the heart of Queenstown. Sagi Israel everything was great, the accommodation is amazing, breakfast is the best. would love to come back Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 130 reviews Price from CAD 580 per night Check availability The Spire Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Queenstown The Spire Hotel is a stylish boutique hotel located in the heart of Queenstown. Just 2 minutes' walk from the shores of Lake Wakatipu, it offers rooms with free WiFi, a balcony and a gas fireplace. Wei Yan Malaysia Everything was amazing with our stay in the spire hotel. Firstly, the reception staff was really professional and helpful, she even initiated to help us decide on where to have for dinner and booked the table for us. Secondly, the room is massive, there’s even a separated section for the wardrobe. The water pressure is amazing, which is really important to us. The fireplace makes the room so warm and cozy. They have smart tv as well, with Netflix and YouTube installed. All their non alcoholic beverages at the minibar are complimentary. They serve amazing breakfast as well, not the buffet style, but ala carte, and you can choose to have it in your room or in the restaurant. We had dinner at their restaurant on our first night, the food was unexpectedly great, and the bill came so much more reasonable than other restaurants we went during the trip. Everything was just spectacular. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 197 reviews Price from CAD 645 per night Check availability See all 363 hotels in Queenstown Cheapest time to stay in Queenstown In May you can stay in Queenstown for an average price of CA$162 per night CA$335CA$268CA$201CA$134CA$67CA$0 CA$258 Jan CA$228 Feb CA$225 Mar CA$225 Apr CA$162 May CA$190 Jun CA$257 Jul CA$246 Aug CA$232 Sep CA$197 Oct CA$226 Nov CA$258 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Queenstown in the past month See all Swiss-Belresort Coronet Peak Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 7.4 Good · 1,928 reviews Copthorne Hotel & Apartments Queenstown Lakeview Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 7.8 Good · 4,023 reviews Holiday Inn Queenstown Remarkables Park Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 8.6 Fabulous · 1,544 reviews Sherwood Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 8.3 Very good · 1,469 reviews Novotel Queenstown Lakeside Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 8.0 Very good · 3,186 reviews Holiday Inn Express & Suites Queenstown, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 8.7 Fabulous · 2,372 reviews Quest Queenstown Apartments Remarkables Park Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 9.2 Superb · 1,349 reviews Scenic Suites Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 8.3 Very good · 2,592 reviews Wyndham Garden Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 8.4 Very good · 1,563 reviews mi-pad Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown Popular with guests booking hotels in Queenstown 8.5 Very good · 2,076 reviews Queenstown's best hotels with breakfast See all Rydges Lakeland Resort Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown Breakfast options Located on the shores of New Zealand's beautiful Lake Wakatipu, Rydges Queenstown features free WiFi, 2 on-site restaurants, 5 meeting rooms, an outdoor heated swimming pool and a sauna. Location , buffet breakfast , and customer service Avg. price/night: CAD 222.89 7.2 Good · 2,761 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Queenstown Hotel in Kelvin Heights, Queenstown Breakfast options With majestic mountains and Lake Wakatipu as a backdrop, DoubleTree by Hilton Queenstown offers luxurious self-catering rooms with flat-screen cable TV and a DVD player. Great breakfast. Room prepared as requested specially. Avg. price/night: CAD 166.13 7.5 Good · 744 reviews Holiday Inn Express & Suites Queenstown, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Queenstown Breakfast options Featuring a free express start breakfast, free high-speed WiFi and a choice of pillows in your room, Holiday Inn Express & Suites Queenstown boasts views over the crystal clear Lake Wakatipu and out... Amazing breakfast. Beautiful lobby, great location. Avg. price/night: CAD 250.44 8.7 Fabulous · 2,372 reviews Ramada Queenstown Central Hotel in Queenstown Breakfast options Offering luxuriously appointed rooms and apartments, Ramada Queenstown Central is situated in Queenstown. Everything is ok . Except no One vacuum the floor. Avg. price/night: CAD 270.48 8.1 Very good · 2,427 reviews mi-pad Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown Breakfast options Mi-pad Queenstown offers 4-star accommodation. All rooms are ensuite and feature a flat-screen smart TV and complimentary wifi. Modern rooms and fittings. Wonderful check-in staff. 8.5 Very good · 2,076 reviews Wyndham Garden Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown Breakfast options Wyndham Garden Queenstown opened in April 2018 at the foot of the spectacular Remarkables and a short walk to Remarkables shopping centre. The staff, the key fob, shower, location was good! Avg. price/night: CAD 220.39 8.4 Very good · 1,563 reviews QT Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown Breakfast options Views over the crystal clear Lake Wakatipu and breathtaking peaks of the Southern Alps set the scene at QT Queenstown. The location was stunning! Views were breathtaking Avg. price/night: CAD 403.21 8.9 Fabulous · 1,386 reviews Sherwood Hotel in Queenstown Breakfast options Sherwood is an eco-friendly hotel with an on-site restaurant and bar. The property is set on a hillside overlooking the picturesque Lake Wakatipu and the Remarkables Mountain Range. The Food was fantastic. The Bed and room very comfortable. Avg. price/night: CAD 212.88 8.3 Very good · 1,469 reviews Budget hotels in Queenstown See all Quest Queenstown Apartments Remarkables Park Hotel in Queenstown Budget Hotel Located in Queenstown, 3 km from Queenstown Event Centre, Quest Queenstown Apartments Remarkables Park provides accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. No breakfast included Staff on arrival were lovely Avg. price/night: CAD 295.52 9.2 Superb · 1,349 reviews The Rees Hotel & Luxury Apartments Hotel in Queenstown Budget Hotel The Rees Hotel & Apartments offers lakefront accommodation with private balconies and spectacular views. It features free WiFi and a free shuttle to the centre of Queenstown. Great View great location comfortable plenty of room to move Avg. price/night: CAD 396.53 9.1 Superb · 1,232 reviews Gibbston Valley Lodge and Spa Hotel in Queenstown Budget Hotel Located at the heart of the Central Otago wine region and just a 20-minute drive from Queenstown Airport, Gibbston Valley Lodge and Spa offers luxury accommodation, 5-star personal service, an on-site... High quality villa with lots of thoughtful touches. Avg. price/night: CAD 960.03 9.1 Superb · 221 reviews The Spire Hotel Hotel in Queenstown Budget Hotel The Spire Hotel is a stylish boutique hotel located in the heart of Queenstown. Just 2 minutes' walk from the shores of Lake Wakatipu, it offers rooms with free WiFi, a balcony and a gas fireplace. Everything was amazing. Staff were super friendly! Avg. price/night: CAD 1,246.79 9.5 Exceptional · 197 reviews The Central Private Hotel by Naumi Hotels Hotel in Queenstown Budget Hotel The Central Private Hotel by Naumi Hotels is positioned right in the heart of Queenstown, and is nearby a large number of restaurants, cafes, shopping and recreational activities All accommodation... Wonderful location - peaceful yet only 5 mins walk to lakeside & town. Avg. price/night: CAD 293.12 9.0 Superb · 352 reviews The Dairy Private Hotel by Naumi Hotels Hotel in Queenstown Budget Hotel This unique property is built around Queenstown's original dairy/corner store, dating back to the 1920's. Absolutely fantastic service and AMAZING extras!!! 9.1 Superb · 375 reviews Hulbert House Luxury Boutique Lodge Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown Budget Hotel Hulbert House Luxury Boutique Lodge Queenstown is a beautifully restored Victorian villa situated just 500 metres from the centre of Queenstown. 透过窗户可以看到窗外秀美的风景，优雅的室内装饰，处处彰显着华丽，早餐令人惊叹，糕点师绝对的大师级别。 友好的工作人员，满意的服务，贴心的问候，非常愉快的体验！ Avg. price/night: CAD 1,068.56 9.9 Exceptional · 40 reviews Sudima Queenstown Five Mile Hotel in Queenstown Budget Hotel Situated in Queenstown, 1.1 km from Queenstown Event Centre, Sudima Queenstown Five Mile features accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. Location of the hotel, room service and cleanliness. Avg. price/night: CAD 239.59 8.8 Fabulous · 1,818 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Queenstown See all Kamana Lakehouse Hotel in Fern Hill, Queenstown Central location Situated 5 minutes' drive from the centre of Queenstown, Kamana Lakehouse offers stunning views over Lake Wakatipu and the iconic Remarkables mountain range. Everything - we stay here everytime we come to Queenstown Avg. price/night: CAD 383.18 8.9 Fabulous · 1,414 reviews Highview Apartments Hotel in Queenstown Central location Featuring a fitness centre, a hot tub and free WiFi, Highview Apartments offers stylish modern rooms just 15 minutes’ walk from the town centre. Free private parking is available. Plenty of space, stunning view and very comfy bed. 8.6 Fabulous · 464 reviews Sofitel Queenstown Hotel & Spa Hotel in Queenstown Central location Located in the heart of Queenstown, Sofitel Queenstown Hotel and Spa offers accommodation with a blend of French luxury and art de vivre. we had a lovely stay, and the staff were really nice. Avg. price/night: CAD 441.61 8.4 Very good · 636 reviews Heritage Queenstown Hotel in Fern Hill, Queenstown Central location You can enjoy soaking in the view of the Remarkables mountain range, rising from the waters of Lake Wakatipu, from the comfort of Heritage Queenstown. Everything. Well worth paying for a lake and mountain view Avg. price/night: CAD 265.47 8.4 Very good · 1,952 reviews Eichardt's Private Hotel Hotel in Queenstown Central location Just 5 minutes' walk from the waters of Lake Wakatipu, Eichardt's Private Hotel offers accommodation with a fireplace, free Wi-Fi and satellite TV. Guests enjoy a restaurant and a bar. Eichardt was beautiful, thank you so much for making our stay so lovely 8.3 Very good · 39 reviews The Carlin Boutique Hotel Hotel in Queenstown Central location The Carlin Boutique Hotel features free bikes, fitness centre, a terrace and restaurant in Queenstown. Each accommodation at the 5-star hotel has city views, and guests can enjoy access to a hot tub. The experience was not only sensational but very memorable 8.3 Very good · 13 reviews Crowne Plaza Queenstown, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Queenstown Central location The Crowne Plaza Queenstown is centrally located, being only a short walk to Queenstown’s main streets and a 4-minute walk to the beach. Location, room was great , most staff were amazing 8.1 Very good · 2,134 reviews Copthorne Hotel & Resort Lakefront Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown Central location Close to the shores of Lake Wakatipu and 5 minutes' walk from the centre of Queenstown, the Copthorne Hotel & Resort is a 4-star property overlooking the lake. Fantastic 180 deg lakefront view, and spacious comfortable suite Avg. price/night: CAD 237.92 8.0 Very good · 1,546 reviews FAQs about hotels in Queenstown How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Queenstown? On average, 3-star hotels in Queenstown cost CAD 173 per night, and 4-star hotels in Queenstown are CAD 244 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Queenstown can on average be found for CAD 294 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Queenstown for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Queenstown this weekend is CAD 214 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 308. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Queenstown for this weekend cost on average around CAD 771 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Queenstown for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 226 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Queenstown for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 290 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Queenstown will cost around CAD 763 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Queenstown are good for families? Many families visiting Queenstown loved staying at The Carlin Boutique Hotel, The Spire Hotel and Hulbert House Luxury Boutique Lodge Queenstown. What are the best hotels in Queenstown near Lake Wakatipu? Some of the best hotels in Queenstown near Lake Wakatipu include Private Cottage with Spa and Amazing Lake Views, Hidden Lodge Queenstown and Kereru Cottage, Romantic & Beautiful Log Cabin - Queenstown. What are the best hotels in Queenstown near Queenstown Airport? Travellers who stayed in Queenstown near Queenstown Airport (ZQN) have said good things about Ramada Suites by Wyndham Queenstown Remarkables Park, Holiday Inn Queenstown Remarkables Park and Wyndham Garden Queenstown. What are the best hotels to stay in Queenstown? Quest Queenstown Apartments Remarkables Park, The Rees Hotel & Luxury Apartments and The Spire Hotel are some of the popular hotels in Queenstown. What hotels in Queenstown offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Queenstown that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Central Private Hotel by Naumi Hotels, Stoneridge Estate and Queenstown Park Boutique Hotel. What hotels in Queenstown are good for couples? These hotels in Queenstown are highly rated by couples: Hulbert House Luxury Boutique Lodge Queenstown, The Spire Hotel and Stoneridge Estate. What hotels in Queenstown have nice views? Hulbert House Luxury Boutique Lodge Queenstown, Stoneridge Estate and Gibbston Valley Lodge and Spa have received great reviews from travellers in Queenstown regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Adrenalin with a Capital Q Welcome to New Zealand’s adrenalin capital! There are a mountain of possibilities for your pleasure including bungee jumping, rafting, jet boating and skydiving. Overlooking the calm waters of Lake Wakatipu and surrounded by peaceful mountains retreats like The Remarkables and Walter Peak, Queenstown is also party town with many cosy bars and cafés. The best panoramas can be enjoyed when you take the Skyline Gondola up to Bob’s Peak on Ben Lamond. Breathe in the fresh alpine air when you walk or mountain bike the Queenstown Trail to nearby Arrowtown. It’s not time to relax yet as there is still skiing to be done in the picturesque ski fields of Coronet Peak or The Remarkables and canyoning at Routeburn Canyon. Hang gliding, paragliding and abseiling are all here too! Bring yourself back to ground level with a picnic lunch while enjoying the pristine wilderness that makes this city so eye-catching. If more intimate surrounds are your domain, then a string of high-class restaurants are available in the city centre. Booking.com has massive variety of accommodation to choose from in Queenstown including hotels, apartments, lodges and B&Bs. Learn more about visiting Queenstown 12 attractions 8 points of interest 2 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Queenstown Boating 829 reviews Skiing 770 reviews Lakes 2,398 reviews Romantic 3,243 reviews Relax in nature 2,804 reviews Great outdoors 907 reviews What guests said about Queenstown: 10 Beautiful views everywhere you look. Beautiful views everywhere you look. Easy to get around via car, bus or tours. So many options to get out & explore nature. So many walking, running & biking tracks. Queenstown does not disappoint. Leanne Australia 4.0 Just a tourist trap and lacks local New Zealand culture and... Just a tourist trap and lacks local New Zealand culture and hospitality. It is not the same place as 20 years ago and now is suited to the young and their energetic ways. Not the place for over 50's. Peter Australia 10 Love this place. So many beautiful things to see. Love this place. So many beautiful things to see. The lake cruise was a highlight. Some of the best golf courses in New Zealand are right on the doorstep. Traffic is crap and parking within the town centre is terrible. Recommend public transport to get into town which is very good ALLANWENDY Australia 10 Queenstown has so much to offer, you just don't know where... Queenstown has so much to offer, you just don't know where to start. Loved walking around the township and seeing all the varying shops and restaurants. The township is easy to walk around, leave your car at accommodation, walk down or get an UBER. We used Southern Discoveries for our tours, never a disappointment. Kylie Australia 10 Beautiful alpine scenery, a trip out to Arrowtown a... Beautiful alpine scenery, a trip out to Arrowtown a highlight for us. Very cheap to get around if using public transport & purchase a BEE card on arrival. Lakeside Queenstown central is a foodies delight, spoilt for choices. Local breweries & wineries abound, we didn't get to any this trip, on the list for next time. A lake cruise including lunch was the highlight. Sonya New Zealand 10 Milford Sounds is a must to visit, worth th whole day in the... Milford Sounds is a must to visit, worth th whole day in the comfortable coach and our Guide was full of interesting information, this was my first visit to Queenstown and it was a wonderful trip, hoping I can return one day. Tania Australia Explore guest reviews of hotels in Queenstown See all mi-pad Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown From CAD 214 per night 8.5 Very good 2,077 reviews The hotel was amazing. Modern, clean and stylish and had amazing free facilities such as hot drinks and filtered water available 24/7. The view from the outdoor deck was to die for overlooking Queenstown bay and the location was handy, only a short 5 minute walk to the centre of town. The staff went above and beyond to make our stay enjoyable, I could not recommended mi-pad enough to anyone looking for a place to stay in Queenstown. Show more Show less Matheson New Zealand Copthorne Hotel & Apartments Queenstown Lakeview Hotel in Queenstown From CAD 190 per night 7.8 Good 4,025 reviews The Hotel & Apartments was just as it was described on the listing. Initially there was some confusion regarding the room that I had booked but staff were quick and efficient in remedying the mistake. The location was exceptional and really close to the town centre and central to get everywhere and anywhere by foot and car. Room service was very good too and it was a very comfortable stay. Very friendly staff! Show more Show less Shyam New Zealand Ramada Suites by Wyndham Queenstown Remarkables Park Hotel in Queenstown From CAD 225 per night 8.3 Very good 1,781 reviews This new hotel beside the Airport is a great stopover option for Queenstown. The hotel facilities themselves are great - modern, clean, comfortable apartments with everything you need (including a washer and dryer). And within close vicinity of the hotel there are shops and restaurants. The 15min walk to the airport is easy, making travel to/from Queenstown much easier than a central Queenstown stopover. Show more Show less kathryn New Zealand Hilton Queenstown Resort & Spa Kelvin Heights, Queenstown From CAD 219 per night 8.1 Very good 4,906 reviews The hotel is well designed and maintained. Beautiful property on the lake in Queenstown. A bit away from the centre, but for us it was a plus - very peaceful, and having a car helped a lot. There is a good walking trail along the shore . Our room was spacious and comfortable. We really enjoyed the indoor heated pool and sauna. The staff were amasing doing their jobs without disturbing guests. Show more Show less Maria Australia Holiday Inn Queenstown Frankton Road, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Queenstown From CAD 177 per night 8.1 Very good 2,162 reviews The room was very clean, quiet and comfortable. The restaurant was wonderful in terms of the service and quality of the food. I would recommend this Hotel to anyone wanting a comfortable stay close to the city and Frankton. The staff couldn't do enough to help us as well! 10 out 10 to everyone at Holiday Inn, Frankton Road, Queenstown New Zealand! Also very close to the airport. 💖😊💖 Show more Show less Andrea Australia Balmoral Lodge Queenstown From CAD 246 per night 9.2 Superb 167 reviews The location is suitable,although there's a little difficult to find.You could go the city centre or views in Queenstown convenient.Living room is communal and provide wine and snacks,also sofa is comfortable.Both living roomand my bedroom has lake view,I feel very nice because they give us that room.The milk they provide is delicious,bed has heater when you feel cold in sleep. Show more Show less YONG China Scenic Suites Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown From CAD 208 per night 8.3 Very good 2,587 reviews Our room had a beautiful view over the lake and town centre. After staying at other hotels in Queenstown this one offered the most comfort due to the size of the room. A full kitchen, large living and dining spaces, separate bedroom and large bathroom with tub and extra towels. A short downhill walk to town centre. Would definately stay here again. Basement parking was a bonus. Show more Show less Ange and Ellie Australia Bella Vista Queenstown Queenstown From CAD 223 per night 8.4 Very good 840 reviews Great location, walking distance from most destinations in Queenstown (local supermarket, tourist attractions, town centre). Away from traffic noise, main roads and construction. Easy check-in and check-out process. Helpful information included with booking confirmation emails. Did not feel crowded. Plenty of space for parking and transporting baggage. Show more Show less Matthew New Zealand DoubleTree by Hilton Queenstown Hotel in Kelvin Heights, Queenstown From CAD 166 per night 7.5 Good 744 reviews I liked the view from the restaurant - very peaceful, sauna facility, friendliness of most staff, accessibility of transport - ferry from hotel to town centre, overall good value for money (considering Queenstown can be very expensive), restaurant + breakfast buffet, air conditioning in the room - without it it would've been incredibly hot. Show more Show less Kyung Min New Zealand Driftaway Queenstown Queenstown From CAD 176 per night 9.4 Superb 519 reviews Amazing location, looking out over the lake. Easy to catch the bus or drive into the centre of Queenstown. The apartment had everything you needed from kitchen utensils to bathroom products and private drive. Communal facilities were also fab. It was also really clean, everything seemed brand new. Show more Show less Abby United Kingdom La Quinta Queenstown Hotel in Queenstown From CAD 209 per night 8.4 Very good 2,281 reviews The hotel was very modern and comfortable. Located close to the airport and easily accessible if you have your own transport. A quiet location if you do not wish to be amongst all the activity that Queenstown is known for. Or if you have a brief stop-over or an early flight out of Queenstown. Show more Show less Action_Jackson Australia Ramada Queenstown Central Hotel in Queenstown From CAD 263 per night 8.1 Very good 2,427 reviews Only a short walk down the hill to the centre. The walk back up the hill is interesting! Great view out over the lake. Comfortable beds, clean room, friendly staff and decent sized gym facilities (I used the treadmill). Parking (free) was on side street or out front of the hotel. Show more Show less Denzil Australia Melbourne Lodge Queenstown From CAD 99 per night 8.1 Very good 2,504 reviews The staff were incredibly friendly and accommodating, they real couldn't do enough for you. the location was great as so easy to access the centre of Queenstown and always ample parking available. Show more Show less Catherine New Zealand Apartments at Spinnaker Bay Queenstown From CAD 417 per night 9.2 Superb 648 reviews Big house and excellent friendly staffs short walk to Queenstown town centre. Great view from apartment. Show more Show less mauran New Zealand Swiss-Belresort Coronet Peak Hotel in Queenstown From CAD 174 per night 7.4 Good 1,928 reviews it was a good location abit out of town. good budget option for a cheap night in queenstown Show more Show less Emily New Zealand Lakeside Motel Queenstown From CAD 135 per night 7.0 Good 1,210 reviews The lake view and location was very easy walking distance to the centre of Queenstown Show more Show less Adrienne New Zealand The Lofts Apartments Queenstown From CAD 188 per night 7.3 Good 2,007 reviews close to the centre of Queenstown - very convenient. Show more Show less Sue New Zealand Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Queenstown Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Hotels in New Zealand Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Lake Tekapo Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Dunedin Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in South Island Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Otago Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels near Queenstown Event Centre Find the perfect hotel in Queenstown with Queenstown Event Centre right on your doorstep. Hostels in Queenstown More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Queenstown More great accommodation options for your trip. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Queenstown Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|3,1866460,1870380,1871440,1847760|3,1847760,1846890,1833870,1870380|7