The 10 best hotels in Leeds, West Yorkshire - Cheap Leeds hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Leeds Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Leeds hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom West Yorkshire Leeds Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Leeds – 96 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ibis budget Leeds Centre Crown Point Road Hotel in Leeds City Centre, Leeds With a 24-hour front desk, the ibis budget Leeds Centre Crown Point Road offers bright, budget rooms and a snack bar. Show more 6.9 Pleasant 6,201 reviews Price fromCAD 61.61per night Check availability Radisson Blu Hotel, Leeds City Centre Hotel in Leeds City Centre, Leeds In central Leeds, this elegant hotel is set within The Light shopping and leisure complex. Stylish rooms each have a TV and free Wi-Fi, and there is a modern restaurant and bar. Show more 8.2 Very good 5,329 reviews Price fromCAD 181.01per night Check availability Oulton Hall Hotel, Spa & Golf Resort Hotel in Leeds Oulton Hall Hotel, Spa & Golf Resort is an 18th-century mansion and has an award-winning cuisine, a spa, and a 27-hole championship golf complex in its grounds. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,617 reviews Price fromCAD 238.21per night Check availability Quebecs Hotel in Leeds City Centre, Leeds Set in a grand Victorian building in the heart of Leeds, this boutique hotel offers free Wi-Fi, luxurious rooms and elegant lounges. Show more 8.9 Fabulous 1,902 reviews Price fromCAD 493.50per night Check availability Corn Mill Lodge Hotel Hotel in Leeds The family-run Corn Mill Lodge is a 10-minute drive from Leeds city centre, 5 minutes' drive from the M606 and positioned on the Leeds ring road. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,544 reviews Price fromCAD 162.22per night Check availability High Bank Hotel Hotel in Leeds Around 2 miles from Leeds city centre, High Bank Hotel is a Yorkshire hotel offering free parking and WiFi. It is less than 5 miles from the M1. Show more 7.0 Good 1,100 reviews Price fromCAD 93.92per night Check availability Dakota Leeds Hotel in Leeds City Centre, Leeds Featuring 94 luxurious bedrooms, Dakota Leeds is located in Leeds, 300 metres from Trinity Leeds and 300 metres from Leeds Town Hall. The hotel is a 5-minute walk from Leeds train station. Show more 9.2 Superb 3,660 reviews Price fromCAD 261.26per night Check availability The Queens Hotel Hotel in Leeds City Centre, Leeds The Queens hotel is the heart of Leeds city centre, and offers a Pan-Asian fusion dining restaurant and luxurious 4-star rooms with free WiFi. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 6,163 reviews Price fromCAD 245.89per night Check availability ibis Styles Leeds City Centre Arena Hotel in Leeds City Centre, Leeds Situated 0.2 miles from the First Direct Arena in Leeds, ibis Styles Leeds City center Arena features an onsite restaurant and bar. Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the property. Show more 8.3 Very good 7,411 reviews Price fromCAD 129.18per night Check availability Park Plaza Leeds Hotel in Leeds City Centre, Leeds Located opposite Leeds Rail Station on the City Square, this 4-star hotel is just metres from Leeds’ shopping district, bars and restaurants. The hotel has a fitness centre and Pan-Asian restaurant. Show more 8.0 Very good 8,905 reviews Price fromCAD 151.98per night Check availability See all 135 hotels in Leeds Most booked hotels in Leeds in the past month See all Leonardo Hotel Leeds - formerly Jurys Inn Leeds Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 7.7 Good · 2,125 reviews ibis budget Leeds Centre Crown Point Road Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 6.9 Pleasant · 6,193 reviews ibis Leeds Centre Marlborough Street Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 7.5 Good · 3,356 reviews Park Plaza Leeds Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 8.0 Very good · 8,905 reviews Clayton Hotel, Leeds Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 8.4 Very good · 6,311 reviews The Queens Hotel Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 8.8 Fabulous · 6,158 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel, Leeds City Centre Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 8.2 Very good · 5,324 reviews Leeds Marriott Hotel Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 8.7 Fabulous · 5,098 reviews The Met Hotel Leeds Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 7.5 Good · 4,739 reviews Hampton By Hilton Leeds City Centre Hotel in Leeds Popular with guests booking hotels in Leeds 8.1 Very good · 6,648 reviews Leeds's best hotels with breakfast See all The Queens Hotel Hotel in Leeds Breakfast options The Queens hotel is the heart of Leeds city centre, and offers a Pan-Asian fusion dining restaurant and luxurious 4-star rooms with free WiFi. Beautiful hotel in the centre, lovely helpful staff Avg. price/night: CAD 245.89 8.8 Fabulous · 6,158 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel, Leeds City Centre Hotel in Leeds Breakfast options In central Leeds, this elegant hotel is set within The Light shopping and leisure complex. Stylish rooms each have a TV and free Wi-Fi, and there is a modern restaurant and bar. Very well presented and really helpful Friendly staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 181.01 8.2 Very good · 5,324 reviews Oulton Hall Hotel, Spa & Golf Resort Hotel in Leeds Breakfast options Oulton Hall Hotel, Spa & Golf Resort is an 18th-century mansion and has an award-winning cuisine, a spa, and a 27-hole championship golf complex in its grounds. Great location. Clean and comfortable. Great food. Avg. price/night: CAD 238.21 8.3 Very good · 1,620 reviews Thorpe Park Hotel and Spa Hotel in Leeds Breakfast options With easy access to the M62/M1, this stylish 4-star hotel is just 6 miles from Leeds centre and the new First Direct Arena. Great ambience. Well laid out. Excellentt facilities Avg. price/night: CAD 187.84 8.4 Very good · 1,241 reviews ibis budget Leeds Centre Crown Point Road Hotel in Leeds Breakfast options With a 24-hour front desk, the ibis budget Leeds Centre Crown Point Road offers bright, budget rooms and a snack bar. Friendly staff, central location and it is very clean Avg. price/night: CAD 61.61 6.9 Pleasant · 6,193 reviews Leonardo Hotel Leeds - formerly Jurys Inn Leeds Hotel in Leeds Breakfast options In Leeds city centre, this hotel offers budget accommodation along with a modern bar and restaurant. Leeds Rail Station and the city’s main shops are a 10-minute walk away. The lobby, bar and breakfast area was spot on. 5 star. Avg. price/night: CAD 121.41 7.7 Good · 2,125 reviews Village Hotel Leeds North Hotel in Leeds Breakfast options With an impressive leisure centre and a restaurant, Village Hotel Leeds North offers modern rooms with free WiFi. The hotel is situated in Headingley, 10 minutes’ drive from Leeds centre. Good location, great atmosphere and superb breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 107.58 7.3 Good · 2,122 reviews The Met Hotel Leeds Hotel in Leeds Breakfast options In the heart of Leeds city centre, this Grade II listed hotel is just a 3-minute walk from Leeds Rail Station. Very clean hotel, great location and friendly staff :) Avg. price/night: CAD 130.63 7.5 Good · 4,739 reviews Budget hotels in Leeds See all Crowne Plaza Leeds, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Leeds Budget Hotel In the heart of Leeds, Crowne Plaza offers a luxurious spa, an indoor swimming pool and modern rooms, and Leeds’s bustling shopping area is just a 10-minute walk away. The breakfast was lovely and room very comfortable. Avg. price/night: CAD 213.11 8.0 Very good · 3,107 reviews Park Plaza Leeds Hotel in Leeds Budget Hotel Located opposite Leeds Rail Station on the City Square, this 4-star hotel is just metres from Leeds’ shopping district, bars and restaurants. The hotel has a fitness centre and Pan-Asian restaurant. Lovely hotel. In city centre and near to music venue. Avg. price/night: CAD 151.98 8.0 Very good · 8,905 reviews Holiday Inn Express Leeds City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Leeds Budget Hotel This air-conditioned hotel is just a 15-minute walk to Leeds city centre, ideal for Leeds and Metropolitan universities, the business district and its restaurants and bars. Comfortable stay, friendly staff - highly recommend! Avg. price/night: CAD 136.59 8.1 Very good · 3,362 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Leeds Hotel in Leeds Budget Hotel DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Leeds City Centre is situated in the waterside Granary Wharf area, only 2 minutes' walk from Leeds Railway Station and a 7-minutes' walk from the city centre shops. Breakfast was great, lovely setting and great staff Avg. price/night: CAD 204.86 8.5 Very good · 5,773 reviews Malmaison Hotel Leeds Hotel in Leeds Budget Hotel Once a bus and tram company office, this hotel retains its unique architecture, including a vaulted ceiling and quirky rooms, which come in different shapes and sizes. Fantastic Hotel excellent location first class facilities highly recommend Avg. price/night: CAD 191.25 8.0 Very good · 3,179 reviews Leeds Marriott Hotel Hotel in Leeds Budget Hotel Located in Leeds city centre, the Marriott is just 5 minutes’ walk from Leeds Rail Station and opposite the Trinity Shopping Centre. Free WiFi is available in all public areas. Clean, ideal location and all together a good atmosphere. Avg. price/night: CAD 187.84 8.7 Fabulous · 5,096 reviews Holiday Inn Express Leeds City Centre - Armouries, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Leeds Budget Hotel With free Wi-Fi throughout, air conditioning and free breakfast, the Holiday Inn Express Leeds City Centre overlooks a canal and is located next to the Royal Armouries Museum and The New Dock Hall. Staff were exceptional, very helpful and friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 129.18 8.3 Very good · 3,809 reviews The Midland Hotel Hotel in Leeds Budget Hotel Located in Leeds, 9 km from Middleton Park, The Midland Hotel provides accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. This 3-star hotel offers free WiFi. Very clean, very comfy, very friendly and welcoming staff Avg. price/night: CAD 119.53 8.3 Very good · 565 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Leeds See all Headingley Lodge Hotel in Leeds Central location Located in Leeds, 3.4 km from O2 Academy Leeds, Headingley Lodge provides accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Location, cleanliness, comfort and staff assistance 8.2 Very good · 1,283 reviews Weetwood Hall Estate Hotel in Leeds Central location Set in 9 acres of wooded grounds, the 4-star Weetwood Hall Estate is a 17th-century manor house with an award-winning pub, The Stables, which shows Sky Sports and features a cobbled courtyard. the style age of the building set in lovely grounds Avg. price/night: CAD 151.98 7.8 Good · 1,268 reviews Village Hotel Leeds South Hotel in Leeds Central location Village Hotel Leeds South boasts a stunning 25-metre indoor pool, chic rooms and a choice of dining experiences are all offered at this contemporary and stylish 3-star hotel. Staff very friendly and helpful. Food and drink was excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 109.29 7.7 Good · 1,797 reviews ibis Leeds Centre Marlborough Street Hotel in Leeds Central location Just half a mile from Leeds centre, ibis Leeds Centre Marlborough Street features a restaurant and modern rooms with satellite TV. Very clean. Friendly staff, extremely comfortable bed Avg. price/night: CAD 81.96 7.5 Good · 3,356 reviews Discovery Inn - Leeds Hotel in Leeds Central location Just 100 metres from Leeds Rail Station, the Discovery Inn – Leeds has a 24-hour front desk and is only 5 minutes’ walk from the shops, restaurants and bars in Leeds’ city centre. Clean hotel. Convenient for travel. Helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 146 7.4 Good · 5,559 reviews Brookfield Hotel Hotel in Leeds Central location Just 20 minutes’ walk from the vibrant city centre of Leeds, Brookfield Hotel has free parking on site. The Royal Armouries Museum and Clarence Dock are within 10 minutes walking distance. Warm welcome Room very nice Bed comfortable Good price for room Avg. price/night: CAD 102.46 7.4 Good · 516 reviews Ascot Grange Hotel - Voujon Resturant Hotel in Leeds Central location Ascot Grange Hotel is located in Headingly, on the outskirts of Leeds and 5 minutes’ drive from the city centre. It offers free Wi-Fi and free parking. I was given extra milk and teabags with no hesitation Avg. price/night: CAD 94.35 7.4 Good · 858 reviews easyHotel Leeds Hotel in Leeds Central location This city centre hotel is a short walk from shops, bars and restaurants. easyHotel Leeds is a 7-minute walk from Leeds train station, and a short distance from attractions such as the O2 Academy... Right in the centre of the city Staff incredibly helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 73.41 7.2 Good · 4,030 reviews FAQs about hotels in Leeds How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Leeds? On average, 3-star hotels in Leeds cost CAD 170 per night, and 4-star hotels in Leeds are CAD 240 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Leeds can on average be found for CAD 362 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Leeds for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Leeds this weekend is CAD 312 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 354. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Leeds for this weekend cost on average around CAD 571 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Leeds for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 201 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Leeds for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 381 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Leeds will cost around CAD 360 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Leeds are good for families? Many families visiting Leeds loved staying at Dakota Leeds, Quebecs and Haley's Hotel. What are the best hotels in Leeds near Headingley Stadium? Some of the best hotels in Leeds near Headingley Stadium include Headingley Lodge, Haley's Hotel and Hinsley Hall. What are the best hotels to stay in Leeds? Dakota Leeds, Quebecs and The Queens Hotel are some of the popular hotels in Leeds. What hotels in Leeds offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Leeds that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Hinsley Hall, Quebecs and Haley's Hotel. What hotels in Leeds are good for couples? These hotels in Leeds are highly rated by couples: Dakota Leeds, Quebecs and The Queens Hotel. What hotels in Leeds have nice views? Headingley Lodge, DoubleTree by Hilton Leeds and Park Plaza Leeds have received great reviews from travellers in Leeds regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Stylish, Stately and A Shopping Haven! Between Bronte Country and the Yorkshire Dales, Leeds is a stately city with a wealth of impressive Georgian and Victorian buildings. The most celebrated is the town hall, a Grade I-listed gem with a huge clock tower supported by columns. Just around the corner is the understated Leeds Cathedral, and between the two is Millennium Square, a large urban space that plays host to outdoor concerts and a German Christmas market. Shopping in Leeds is fantastic. Kirkgate Market is Europe’s largest covered market, and the magnificent, round Corn Exchange is home to exclusive boutiques. The city also has the first Harvey Nichols outside of London, as well as the usual high street brands. As home to 2 large universities, Leeds has a young and vibrant vibe. It has repeatedly been voted the clubbing capital of the UK and is home to the Leeds Festival, an annual music event that attracts thousands. The city also has excellent sporting pedigree. Internationals are held at Headingley cricket ground, and Leeds United FC and the Leeds Rhinos rugby league team are well-known names in their fields. On the outskirts of the city are wonderful Roundhay Park, Kirkstall Abbey and Leeds-Bradford International Airport. Leeds accommodation on Booking.com covers all areas of this elegant city. Learn more about visiting Leeds 56 attractions 24 points of interest 5 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Leeds: 10 Leeds as a city is amazing ,lots to do and plenty of shops... Leeds as a city is amazing ,lots to do and plenty of shops bars and restaurants,the city is amazingly clean no graffiti or litter very polite taxi drivers and all the shop staff are amazingly helpful and pleasant A visit to the royal armoury is a must white United Kingdom 8.0 I took my Gradson to Leeds to visit the Royal Armouries -... I took my Gradson to Leeds to visit the Royal Armouries - the hotel was very central for the city centre and ideal for travelling to the Armouries as there was a river taxi just outside the hotel - we visited the kitty cafe, the Forbidden planet and the library of broken books which was an escape room theme - all within walking distance of hotel United Kingdom 10 The staff were friendly an polite. The staff were friendly an polite. The building is very nice and has all the facilites. The elevador wasnt working but the kindly took the suitcase to the room. We felt confortable and safe in the hotel. We Will return soon. Thanks Daisy Uruguay 8.0 As a shopping trip it was good (variety of shops) in central... As a shopping trip it was good (variety of shops) in central location. Poor (almost no) building/unit numbering on Bridgate (we were looking for Liquor Studio), must have passed it 3 times before asking street warden. John United Kingdom 8.0 As an antipodean visitor, I was really impressed with the... As an antipodean visitor, I was really impressed with the number of lovely shops and the arcade system. The market is great. Taxis were plentiful and all the people we met were friendly and helpful. Had the weather been better, I would have liked to see more of Leeds. Valerie United Kingdom 8.0 Vibrant city, posting stunning, art, galleries and museums. Vibrant city, posting stunning, art, galleries and museums. Grand architecture, meets lively, eateries, and vibrant nightlife, together with a multitude of shopping options, Id thoroughly recommend a visit Curtis United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Leeds See all The Met Hotel Leeds Hotel in Leeds From CAD 100 per night 7.5 Good 4,739 reviews The location of the hotel was ideal with it being placed right in the city centre close to all shops and restaurants it was very handy. The members of staff were welcoming and were respectful. The junior double room that I booked was very cosy. I had breakfast on both mornings and have to say that the presentation and range of choice was great. Great quality of food and was definitely worth the cost. The Met Hotel Leeds was memorable. Show more Show less Patryk United Kingdom Hinsley Hall Hotel in Leeds From CAD 108 per night 8.5 Very good 2,962 reviews Quiet hotel and RC retreat, education and conference facility set in private grounds between Leeds City Centre and Headingly. Very good location, free parking, clean and peaceful, with friendly and helpful staff. Great cooked breakfast included in the price. Single room was a good size and the en-suite shower room was large. Use of bar and common room with free tea and coffee was included. Good value for money. Show more Show less Jonathan United Kingdom Stylish 2 Bed city centre apartment Leeds 9.2 Superb 20 reviews Comfortable apartment, with en-suite bathrooms for each bedroom. very clean. A great find to easily access central Leeds and close to the train station. Due to a train cancellation we brought the car and parked cheaply in a nearby street, and for free at night, a five minute walk away. There is a car park by the apartment, though it is more expensive. Easy to walk into central Leeds. Show more Show less Tamzin United Kingdom Hilton Leeds City Hotel in Leeds From CAD 151 per night 7.2 Good 4,557 reviews Hotel was central in Leeds City centre, right next to the train station. Also only a 10 min walk to Leeds City centre. Hotel room it's self was lovely and clean. Had everything we needed. Breakfast was amazing, everything you could ever think to eat for your breakfast. Staff were all lovely and very helpful. Would definitely be staying again at the Hilton hotel in Leeds. Show more Show less Lisa United Kingdom Quebecs Hotel in Leeds From CAD 186 per night 8.9 Fabulous 1,902 reviews Room was delightful, the hotel was beautifully appointed in wood panelling and a superb stained glass window, breakfast was excellent, but the best of all were the staff who are so friendly it was like going home. I cannot recommend Quebecs enough. The situation is perfect, across the road from the station and in the city centre. Loved it and will be going back. Show more Show less Stevens United Kingdom Hampton By Hilton Leeds City Centre Hotel in Leeds From CAD 92 per night 8.1 Very good 6,648 reviews Breakfast was very good, good choice and the food was tasty. The location being close to city centre and the Leeds arena was perfect Unresticted parking being available was a bonus although after paying £245 to stay at hotel being asked to pay a further £15 just to leave vehicle there was excessive Show more Show less carl United Kingdom DoubleTree by Hilton Leeds Hotel in Leeds From CAD 143 per night 8.5 Very good 5,775 reviews Lovely hotel, use it most times when i visit Leeds as good location for train station and then the city centre. Located right next to the canal. Sky bar with great city views. Excellent breakfast bar facilities on the ground floor. Staff aleays helpful. Hotel clean. Show more Show less Andrew United Kingdom Ramada by Wyndham Leeds East Hotel in Leeds From CAD 77 per night 8.4 Very good 3,777 reviews complete package was excellent. location was spot on for Leeds city centre, facilities at the hotel and on site where great. The staff where very friendly and helpful. breakfast was excellent value for money. Show more Show less Scott United Kingdom Novotel Leeds Centre Hotel in Leeds From CAD 113 per night 8.7 Fabulous 5,227 reviews this hotel is at a perfect location for exploring Leeds city centre, the rooms are clean and comfortable with a great bar and breakfast areas. staff are very helpful and are always on hand if needed Show more Show less Jonathan United Kingdom Holiday Inn Express Leeds City Centre - Armouries, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Leeds From CAD 86 per night 8.3 Very good 3,809 reviews The location is pleasant with it being close to the docks, its also very convenient if you intend to visit the royal armories'. The hotel is only a short taxi ride from the city Centre Show more Show less brian United Kingdom Dakota Leeds Hotel in Leeds From CAD 207 per night 9.2 Superb 3,661 reviews Our go-to hotel when visiting Leeds, excellent city centre location, fabulous reception staff are always so helpful. Lovely peaceful room with stunning decor. Show more Show less AnitaC United Kingdom Clayton Hotel, Leeds Hotel in Leeds From CAD 107 per night 8.4 Very good 6,311 reviews Very close to Leeds city centre. Car park under the hotel was secure and only 12 pounds for overnight parking. Show more Show less Richard United Kingdom Radisson Blu Hotel, Leeds City Centre Hotel in Leeds From CAD 137 per night 8.2 Very good 5,336 reviews The hotel's location is one of the best in Leeds City Centre. Show more Show less Khalifa Bahrain easyHotel Leeds Hotel in Leeds From CAD 53 per night 7.2 Good 4,030 reviews Cheap and cheerful last minute booking in leeds city centre Show more Show less Liam France Roomzzz Leeds City West Leeds From CAD 94 per night 8.0 Very good 794 reviews Nice spacious apartment only a short walk to city centre Show more Show less elliott United Kingdom Leeds Marriott Hotel Hotel in Leeds From CAD 137 per night 8.7 Fabulous 5,098 reviews Clean and in the city centre Show more Show less aisha Saudi Arabia Park Plaza Leeds Hotel in Leeds From CAD 126 per night 8.0 Very good 8,906 reviews Central to the city centre Show more Show less Cheryl United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near York Barbican Search and compare hotels close to York Barbican, a popular destination just outside Leeds. Hotels near Wetherby Services A1 Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Things to do in Leeds How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels near Manchester Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Liverpool John Lennon Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Car hire in Leeds Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels with Parking in Leeds Explore more great accommodation options in Leeds, starting with hotels with parking. Budget Hotels in Leeds More great accommodation options for your trip. B&Bs in Leeds More great accommodation options for your trip. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Leeds Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|7,1870380|3,1847760,1847760|3,1866460,1870380,1833870,1871440,1846890