The 10 best hotels close to Universal Studios Orlando in Orlando, United States Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Hotels near Universal Studios Orlando, Orlando Enter your dates and choose from 135 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United States Orlando Universal Studios Orlando Featured hotels near Universal Studios Orlando Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Universal's Loews Royal Pacific Resort International Drive, Orlando (0.5 km from Universal Studios Orlando) Universal’s Loews Royal Pacific Resort guests receive Free* Universal Express Unlimited ride access to skip the regular lines at most popular attractions in Universal Studios Florida and Universal’s... Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 2,781 reviews Price from CAD 549 per night Check availability Universal's Loews Sapphire Falls Resort International Drive, Orlando (0.7 km from Universal Studios Orlando) The rooms offer flat-screen TV, free WiFi, and an iPod docking station. Additional amenities include a small refrigerator and a private bathroom. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 2,251 reviews Price from CAD 354 per night Check availability Home2 Suites By Hilton Orlando Near Universal Hotel in International Drive, Orlando (1.2 km from Universal Studios Orlando) Located in Orlando and with Universal Studios Orlando reachable within 1.9 km, Home2 Suites By Hilton Orlando Near Universal provides a fitness centre, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the... Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,565 reviews Price from CAD 165 per night Check availability Universal's Aventura Hotel International Drive, Orlando (1 km from Universal Studios Orlando) Universal's Aventura Hotel offers early park admission to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter™ and Universal's Volcano Bay water theme park 1 hour before park opening (Valid theme park admission... Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 2,114 reviews Price from CAD 235 per night Check availability Universal's Hard Rock Hotel® International Drive, Orlando (0.7 km from Universal Studios Orlando) Centrally located at Universal Orlando, Universal's Hard Rock Hotel® Universal’s guests receive Free* Universal Express Unlimited ride access to skip the regular lines at most popular attractions in... Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 1,947 reviews Price from CAD 612 per night Check availability Wyndham Garden Orlando Universal / I Drive Hotel in International Drive, Orlando (1.4 km from Universal Studios Orlando) Wyndham Garden Orlando Universal / I Drive has a fitness centre, bar, a shared lounge and garden in Orlando. Boasting family rooms, this property also provides guests with a sun terrace. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,758 reviews Price from CAD 119 per night Check availability See more properties near Universal Studios Orlando Top 10 trending hotels near Universal Studios Orlando Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando 4 stars Hotel in Orlando #1 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 8.1 Very good 6,217 reviews Motel 6-Orlando, FL - International Dr 2 stars Hotel in Orlando #2 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 5.4 Review score 1,237 reviews Best Western Orlando Gateway Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Orlando #3 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 7.5 Good 8,486 reviews Hotel Monreale Express International Drive Orlando 3 stars Hotel in Orlando #4 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 7.7 Good 5,741 reviews Rosen Inn International Near The Parks 3 stars Hotel in Orlando #5 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 8.0 Very good 8,211 reviews Rosen Inn Closest to Universal 3 stars Hotel in Orlando #6 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 8.0 Very good 10,001 reviews Floridian Express International Drive 2 stars Hotel in Orlando #7 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 5.3 Review score 6,494 reviews Comfort Inn & Suites Near Universal Orlando Resort-Convention Ctr 3 stars Hotel in Orlando #8 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 7.6 Good 3,653 reviews Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center 3 stars Hotel in Orlando #9 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 7.0 Good 22,526 reviews Universal’s Endless Summer Resort – Dockside Inn and Suites 3 stars Hotel in Orlando #10 Booked hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 8.8 Fabulous 4,912 reviews See more hotels near Universal Studios Orlando DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando 4 stars Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #1 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 8.1 Very good 6,217 reviews Best Western Orlando Gateway Hotel 4 stars Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #2 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 7.5 Good 8,486 reviews Hotel Monreale Express International Drive Orlando 3 stars Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #3 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 7.7 Good 5,741 reviews Rosen Inn International Near The Parks 3 stars Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #4 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 8.0 Very good 8,211 reviews Rosen Inn Closest to Universal 3 stars Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #5 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 8.0 Very good 10,001 reviews Baymont by Wyndham Orlando-International Dr-Universal Blvd 2 stars Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #6 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 6.2 Review score 2,802 reviews Coco Key Hotel & Water Park Resort 3 stars Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #7 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 7.5 Good 5,702 reviews Comfort Inn & Suites Near Universal Orlando Resort-Convention Ctr 3 stars Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #8 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 7.6 Good 3,653 reviews Avanti Palms Resort And Conference Center 3 stars Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #9 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 7.0 Good 22,526 reviews Cambria Hotel Orlando Universal Blvd Hotel in International Drive, Orlando #10 Wish-listed hotel near Universal Studios Orlando 8.2 Very good 238 reviews See more hotels near Universal Studios Orlando Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Universal Studios Orlando See all Hyatt House across from Universal Orlando Resort Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Breakfast options Hyatt House across from Universal Orlando Resort is conveniently located a 3 minutes' drive from Universal Orlando Resort. Availability and close to Universal Show more Show less From CAD 147 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,298 reviews The Point Hotel & Suites Universal Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Breakfast options Located just 800 metres from International Drive. The Point Hotel & Suites offers an on-site bar and a restaurant. The Orlando Orange County Convention Center is 3.5 km from the the property. spacious room and great facilities Show more Show less From CAD 161 per night 8.0 Very good 3,956 reviews Holiday Inn Express-International Drive, an IHG Hotel Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Breakfast options This Orlando hotel features a buffet-style breakfast is served every morning alongside complimentary coffee in the lobby. Universal Orlando Resort is 4.8 km away. it’s very close to the parks and it’s clean , beds are really comfortable and good breakfast Show more Show less From CAD 120 per night 8.4 Very good 2,511 reviews Hyatt Place across from Universal Orlando Resort Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Breakfast options Our newly renovated hotel is only a 3-minute drive from Universal Orlando Resort, this hotel offers free Wi-Fi and food available 24 hours a day. An outdoor swimming pool is also available. perfect location to stay with kids and visit universal park. Show more Show less From CAD 134 per night 8.0 Very good 1,091 reviews Comfort Suites Near Universal Orlando Resort Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Breakfast options This Orlando hotel offers suites with free WiFi and a cable TV. A free scheduled shuttle is offered to Universal Orlando Resort and SeaWorld. The entrance to Universal Orlando Resort is 4.1 km away. I like the hot breakfast and the daily service room during my stay!!! Show more Show less From CAD 145 per night 8.3 Very good 1,139 reviews Wingate by Wyndham - Universal Studios and Convention Center Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Breakfast options This Orlando, Florida Wingate by Wyndham is situated just 1 km from Universal Orlando Resort. The hotel features an outdoor pool and fitness centre. front desk employees were really nice and helpful Show more Show less From CAD 136 per night 8.3 Very good 1,384 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Orlando International Drive North Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Breakfast options Centrally located close to Orlando's most popular attractions, including Universal Studios, this hotel features many modern conveniences along with friendly service in a convenient location. Breakfast was great and location was very close to Universal. Show more Show less From CAD 160 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,073 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton at the Entrance to Universal Orlando Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Breakfast options Boasting an unrivaled location directly across from the entrance to Universal Orlando Resort, this hotel features first-class amenities, numerous free services and is close to all the area's main... I love this hotel. We check in late because of our flight. The receptionist gave us hot cookies. Show more Show less From CAD 136 per night 8.1 Very good 6,217 reviews Budget hotels near Universal Studios Orlando See all Rosen Inn Closest to Universal Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Budget Hotel Located 450 metres from Universal Orlando Resort, this hotel provides free transfer service to SeaWorld Orlando and Universal Orlando Resort. It features an outdoor pool. Location was perfect, around 15-20 min to most of the places (disney world, disney springs, outlets,... Show more Show less From CAD 112 per night 8.0 Very good 10,001 reviews Rosen Inn International Near The Parks Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Budget Hotel This Florida hotel offers free shuttles to Universal Studios, just a 5-minute drive away. It features outdoor pools and contemporary rooms with free Wi-Fi. I liked it was the room was so clean and housekeepers made the cleaning every day. Show more Show less From CAD 92 per night 8.0 Very good 8,211 reviews Comfort Inn & Suites Near Universal Orlando Resort-Convention Ctr Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Budget Hotel Comfort Inn & Suites Near Universal Orlando Resort-Convention Ctr in Orlando, Florida is 9 minutes’ drive from Orange County Convention Center, host to Megacon sci-fi and comic book convention. For me, I didn't find the breakfast had much choices. Show more Show less From CAD 101 per night 7.6 Good 3,653 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Orlando International Drive Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Budget Hotel Located 3 minutes’ drive from Universal Orlando, Super 8 by Wyndham Orlando International Drive offers an outdoor pool. I like everything 😁 location is very accessible, the place is simple yet nice! Show more Show less From CAD 69 per night 6.0 Review score 1,586 reviews Quality Inn Orlando-Near Universal Blvd Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Budget Hotel Located 2.5 km from Universal Orlando Resort, Quality Inn Orlando-Near Universal Blvd offers an outdoor pool and free property-wide WiFi. It’s very nice clean quiet smell good Show more Show less From CAD 85 per night 4.1 Review score 1,398 reviews Majestic Palms Orlando Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Budget Hotel Offering free transfer service to Disney World and Universal Studios, this Orlando hotel offers a Continental Breakfast served daily. Orange County Convention Centre is 3.7 km away. The staff was so friendly anything.i requested it was delivered. The food was great. Show more Show less From CAD 100 per night 6.8 Review score 2,659 reviews La Quinta by Wyndham Orlando Universal area Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Budget Hotel La Quinta Inn & Suites Orlando Universal Area is conveniently located 1.3 km from Universal Orlando Resort. The hotel offers an outdoor swimming pool, free WiFi, and a daily continental breakfast. This is our second time at this hotel, and we'll return if we're in Orlando again. Show more Show less From CAD 116 per night 7.8 Good 5,681 reviews Best Western Plus Universal Inn Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Budget Hotel This Orlando hotel is a 3 minutes' drive from the entrance of Universal Orlando Resort. The property offers a games room and outdoor pool. Perfect location for a visit to Universal Orlando, it’s an easy walk of 15 minutes. Show more Show less From CAD 113 per night 7.9 Good 1,473 reviews Hotels with great access to Universal Studios Orlando! See all Wyndham Garden Orlando Universal / I Drive Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Great location Wyndham Garden Orlando Universal / I Drive has a fitness centre, bar, a shared lounge and garden in Orlando. Boasting family rooms, this property also provides guests with a sun terrace. Perfect hotel! I do recomend to anyone! Clean! No smokeing! Everything is close! Show more Show less From CAD 119 per night 9.0 Superb 1,758 reviews Club Wyndham Orlando International Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Great location Universal Studios is just a 8-minute drive from this vacation complex in Orlando, Florida. It offers an outdoor pool, tennis and basketball courts and furnished villas with private patios. Spacious with all the amenities of home Show more Show less From CAD 151 per night 9.0 Superb 450 reviews TownePlace Suites By Marriott Orlando Southwest Near Universal Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Great location TownePlace Suites By Marriott Orlando Southwest Near Universal has free bikes, outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and shared lounge in Orlando. everything you need in a hotel: option to cook, excellent distribution of spaces, comfortable beds... Show more Show less From CAD 141 per night 8.9 Fabulous 818 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando International Drive North Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Great location Featuring free WiFi, the Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando International Drive North is 3.8 km from the Orange County Convention Center. A complimentary hot breakfast is offered for guests to enjoy. Friendly staff. Clean, comfortable room on the sixth floor. Show more Show less From CAD 133 per night 8.9 Fabulous 868 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Near Universal Orlando Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Great location Set in Orlando, 1.6 km from Universal Studios Orlando, Residence Inn by Marriott Near Universal Orlando offers accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, a fitness centre and a shared... We liked everything but the breakfast, the breakfast was just even for a 4* Residence, could be a... Show more Show less From CAD 153 per night 8.6 Fabulous 508 reviews Hampton Inn Closest to Universal Orlando Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Great location Conveniently located less than 1 km from Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida, this hotel offers helpful amenities and services just minutes from area amusement parks, restaurants and shopping. Staff were so friendly - even went to the effort to give us a little anniversary treat or two - so... Show more Show less From CAD 132 per night 8.5 Very good 706 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Orlando International Drive Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Great location Located on International Drive, this hotel is just 1.6 km from Universal Orlando Resort. The hotel features 3 on-site restaurants, free Wi-Fi access, a fitness center, and an outdoor pool. room was clean and staff were efficient and polite. would recommend this property Show more Show less From CAD 107 per night 7.9 Good 2,633 reviews Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Orlando Near Universal Orlando Hotel in International Drive, Orlando Great location This Orlando, Florida hotel offers free high-speed internet access. Universal Studios and Universal’s City Walk Orlando, a dining and entertainment area, are within walking distance of the hotel. The staffs went out of their way to assist with our transportation issues. Show more Show less From CAD 125 per night 7.9 Good 159 reviews Universal Studios Florida At Universal Studios Florida, there’s more than meets the eye. It’s packed with otherworldly attractions. On the Transformers 3D ride you’re landed amid warring robots, while you’ll have to zap aliens to save the world on the interactive Men in Black ride. You can even “phone home” with E.T. and visit his Green Planet on a thrilling, dark-ride adventure. Planning a trip to see the Universal Studios Orlando? Check out the latest reviews and scores 10 Universal Orlando has become our families annual destination. Universal Orlando has become our families annual destination. We recommend staying on property and purchasing annual passes versus daily passes. You will save money on merchandise, food, parking and some restaurants in City Walk, if you plan to spend multiple days in the parks. Show more Show less David United States 2.0 To many people, spent $300 for two people to get in . To many people, spent $300 for two people to get in .road three rides waited two hours to ride King Kong it lasted 6 min it sucked. Harry Potter was good .nothing but shops to spend money . Waited in line hour and 15 for a pizza.will never go back. Show more Show less David United States 10 The Tower of Terror is my favorite ride of all times. The Tower of Terror is my favorite ride of all times. There is nothing like it. My daughters love the Run Away Railroad and we all like the Raise of the Ressistance. We always make sure that we all get to go where everyone wants to go. And we always succeed. Show more Show less Maribel 10 There are two parks to this place. There are two parks to this place. Be sure to buy a park hopper or else you'll only see half the park. They offer valet parking, but the line gets long at the end of the da to retrieve it. Plenty of restaurants and shopping before entering the park, some even discount your parking. Show more Show less Anonymous 6.0 So expensive. So expensive. So busy. We splurged and got the express line pass. Even though it was ridiculously expensive it mean we only had up to ten minutes wait. Otherwise lines looked unbearable. Once was enough Show more Show less Slm1173 Australia 8.0 Glad I took the kids here. Glad I took the kids here. They really enjoyed it. Universal Studios was a great place to take the kiddos because they were able to get on most rides and there is a variety. A bit expensive but we enjoyed ourselves. I suggest wearing you most comfortable clothing, shoes, sunglasses and a hat for shade. It wouldn't hurt to eat a good meal before going as well. And have fun! Show more Show less Shonda United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Orlando Find the perfect hotel in Orlando with Universal Studios Orlando right on your doorstep. Hotels near Kissimmee Amtrak Station For easy access to local transport options. Hotels in Kissimmee Find more hotels in a city close to Universal Studios Orlando. Hotels in Lakeland Find more hotels in a city close to Universal Studios Orlando. Hotels in Titusville Find more hotels in a city close to Universal Studios Orlando. Visit Orlando Visitor info for a popular local city. Flights from London to Orlando Need to book flights for your trip? Find and compare prices for this and other popular routes right here on Booking.com. B&Bs in Mount Dora Great accommodation options in a nearby city. Budget Hotels in Tavares Great accommodation options in a nearby city. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870070,1871440