The 10 best hotels close to Heathrow Terminal 5 in Hillingdon, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels near Heathrow Terminal 5, Hillingdon Enter your dates and choose from 1042 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom Hillingdon Heathrow Terminal 5 Featured hotels near Heathrow Terminal 5 Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Sofitel London Heathrow Hotel in Hillingdon (0.4 km from Heathrow Terminal 5) The Sofitel Heathrow has direct access to Terminal 5 via a covered walkway. It has a modern health spa, a 24-hour gym, 2 bars and 2 restaurants. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 11,957 reviews Price from CAD 220 per night Check availability The Lodge Stanwell Stanwell (1.6 km from Heathrow Terminal 5) Boasting a garden and views of garden, The Lodge Stanwell is a recently renovated bed and breakfast set in Stanwell, 11 km from Windsor Castle. Show more Show less 9 Superb 362 reviews Price from CAD 171 per night Check availability Hyatt Place London Heathrow Airport Hotel in Hillingdon (2 km from Heathrow Terminal 5) Just a 5-minute drive from Heathrow Airport, the 4-star Hyatt Place London Heathrow Airport features soundproofed rooms, a 24-hour front desk and limited short-stay parking. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 3,533 reviews Price from CAD 186 per night Check availability Staybridge Suites London Heathrow - Bath Road, an IHG Aparthotel Hotel in Hillingdon (2.4 km from Heathrow Terminal 5) Centrally located at Heathrow Airport, Staybridge Suites® London - Heathrow Bath Road, Aparthotel offers accommodation for short or extended stays with fully equipped kitchens, free Wi-Fi and... Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 2,483 reviews Price from CAD 180 per night Check availability Min Su Rooms Stanwell (1.6 km from Heathrow Terminal 5) Located in Stanwell in the Surrey region, Min Su Rooms features a patio. The property is situated 11 km from Osterley Park, 11 km from Windsor Castle and 12 km from Thorpe Park. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 27 reviews Price from CAD 138 per night Check availability Sheraton Heathrow Hotel Hotel in Hillingdon (1.6 km from Heathrow Terminal 5) Next to London Heathrow Airport, this 4-star hotel offers air-conditioned rooms with luxury Sheraton Sleep Experience Beds. Free WiFi is available. Show more Show less 7.8 Good 2,075 reviews Price from CAD 158 per night Check availability See more properties near Heathrow Terminal 5 Top 10 trending hotels near Heathrow Terminal 5 Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Radisson Hotel and Conference Centre London Heathrow 4 stars Hotel in Hillingdon #1 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 7.2 Good 10,835 reviews Sofitel London Heathrow 5 stars Hotel in Hillingdon #2 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.3 Very good 11,957 reviews ibis London Heathrow Airport 3 stars Hotel in Hillingdon #3 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 7.3 Good 11,551 reviews Thistle London Heathrow Terminal 5 3 stars Hotel in Hillingdon #4 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 7.2 Good 11,734 reviews Hilton London Wembley 4 stars Hotel in Wembley, London #5 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.5 Very good 6,176 reviews Park Plaza London, Park Royal 4 stars Hotel in London #6 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.4 Very good 8,114 reviews Holiday Inn Express - London Heathrow T4, an IHG Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Hillingdon #7 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.3 Very good 11,526 reviews Hilton Garden Inn London Heathrow Terminal 2 and 3 4 stars Hotel in Hillingdon #8 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.1 Very good 14,159 reviews Radisson RED London Heathrow 4 stars Hotel in Harmondsworth #9 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.0 Very good 9,383 reviews ibis budget London Heathrow Central 3 stars Hotel in Hounslow #10 Booked hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 6.8 Review score 7,110 reviews See more hotels near Heathrow Terminal 5 Hotel 55 4 stars Hotel in Ealing, London #1 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.0 Very good 3,011 reviews ibis London Wembley 3 stars Hotel in Wembley, London #2 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 7.8 Good 6,782 reviews Leonardo London Heathrow Airport 4 stars Hotel in Hillingdon #3 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.1 Very good 11,144 reviews Holiday Inn Express Park Royal, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Acton, London #4 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.0 Very good 3,345 reviews Hilton London Wembley 4 stars Hotel in Wembley, London #5 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.5 Very good 6,176 reviews Park Plaza London, Park Royal 4 stars Hotel in Ealing, London #6 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.4 Very good 8,114 reviews Hampton by Hilton London Park Royal 4 stars Hotel in Ealing, London #7 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.2 Very good 3,566 reviews ibis budget London Heathrow Central 3 stars Hotel in Hounslow #8 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 6.8 Review score 7,110 reviews Stayo Kew Gardens Hotel in London #9 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.4 Very good 1,154 reviews Best Western Northfields Ealing Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Ealing, London #10 Wish-listed hotel near Heathrow Terminal 5 8.1 Very good 2,426 reviews See more hotels near Heathrow Terminal 5 Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Heathrow Terminal 5 See all room2 Chiswick Hometel Hotel in Chiswick, London Breakfast options Featuring a garden and a bar, room2 Chiswick Hometel is located in London, 3.6 km from Eventim Apollo and 4.2 km from Olympia Exhibition Centre. Love everything about this hotel. Show more Show less From CAD 171 per night 9.2 Superb 1,300 reviews The Fox & Goose Hotel Hotel in Ealing, London Breakfast options The Fox And Goose Hotel is only 5 minutes' walk from Hanger Lane Underground Station (Central Line), a 15-minute drive from Wembley Stadium/Arena, and 30 minutes from Central London by public... Great breakfast, large rooms, very close to central line tube station and affordable. Show more Show less From CAD 175 per night 9.1 Superb 4,991 reviews Kings Arms Hotel in Egham Breakfast options Located in Egham, 8.4 km from Windsor Castle, Kings Arms provides accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. The location is great, the room is great, the food is great, the staff are fantastic! Show more Show less From CAD 239 per night 9.0 Superb 284 reviews The Langley, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Buckinghamshire Hotel in Iver Breakfast options Set in Iver, 7.4 km from Uxbridge, The Langley, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Buckinghamshire offers accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. Absolutely everything, the history, the little bar, the Spa, the restaurant, the room and definitely... Show more Show less From CAD 743 per night 9.0 Superb 101 reviews The Inn West End Hotel in Woking Breakfast options The Inn West End offers hotel accommodation in Woking, 11.9 km from Wisley Garden. Guests can enjoy the garden, terrace and on-site bar. What a brilliant little gem! We enjoyed two lovely nights with dinner in the Inn. Food amazing…. Show more Show less From CAD 225 per night 9.2 Superb 577 reviews Coworth Park - Dorchester Collection Hotel in Ascot Breakfast options A luxurious spa with a roof of fragrant herbs, an excellent gourmet restaurant, and an equestrian centre are offered at this stunning, 5-star country house. the staff was very nice, the property was very luxurious Show more Show less From CAD 931 per night 9.4 Superb 234 reviews Abbey Point Hotel Hotel in Brent, London Breakfast options Located in London, 1.6 km from Park Royal, Abbey Point Hotel provides accommodation with a garden, private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. The food and the staff, the rooms and the ambiance everything was great. Show more Show less From CAD 123 per night 8.5 Very good 1,415 reviews Best Western Northfields Ealing Hotel Hotel in Ealing, London Breakfast options Ideally situated in the Ealing district of London, Best Western Northfields Ealing Hotel is set 1.1 km from Boston Manor, 2.5 km from Ealing Broadway and 4.8 km from Park Royal. Location location location, clean and friendly Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 8.1 Very good 2,426 reviews Budget hotels near Heathrow Terminal 5 See all Moxy London Heathrow Airport Hotel in Hounslow Budget Hotel The Moxy Hotel is a pet-friendly accommodation located on Bath Road in Heathrow, just 3km from Heathrow Airport. Convenient location close to the airport, cozy and spacious lobby, good dinner. Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 8.1 Very good 4,644 reviews The Greenwood Hotel - Wetherspoon Hotel in Northolt Budget Hotel Situated in Northolt, The Greenwood Hotel - Wetherspoon features a garden and bar. The 3-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom and free WiFi. Lovely room! Very spacious walk in shower. A/C too, much needed in these hot temperatures. Show more Show less From CAD 116 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,367 reviews The Oatlands Chaser by Innkeeper's Collection Hotel in Weybridge Budget Hotel Built on one of Henry VIII’s old hunting spots, The Oatlands Chaser by Innkeeper's Collection is located 1.5 miles from Weybridge city centre and 5 minutes’ drive from Weybridge Rail Station. It was an unusual place to stay. the front desk had a few beer taps Show more Show less From CAD 121 per night 8.1 Very good 1,812 reviews Eurotraveller Hotel - Premier - Harrow Hotel in Harrow Budget Hotel A 10-minute walk from leafy Harrow Park, Eurotraveller Hotel-Premier Harrow offers air-conditioned rooms. It is just 5 minutes’ walk from South Harrow Tube Station. Clean, comfortable, friendly staff, good transport connections. Show more Show less From CAD 115 per night 8.1 Very good 1,032 reviews The Bridge Hotel Hotel in Chertsey Budget Hotel With free parking, The Bridge Hotel in Chertsey has wonderful views of the river and out beyond historic Chertsey Bridge. The Bridge Hotel is set over 3 floors and has lift access to the rooms. The location close to Heathrow airport was essential for us and did not disappoint. Show more Show less From CAD 143 per night 8.0 Very good 1,594 reviews Holiday Inn Slough Windsor, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Slough Budget Hotel Holiday Inn Slough Windsor is located just 10 minutes’ drive from Heathrow Airport. The modern hotel has a mini-gym, a stylish brasserie restaurant and spacious rooms with internet access. close to airport for car hire pick up, friendly staff, good size bed and room, cosy atmosphere in... Show more Show less From CAD 89 per night 8.1 Very good 3,414 reviews Homefield Lodge Hotel in Brent, London Budget Hotel Situated in London, 1.9 km from Park Royal, Homefield Lodge features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. This 2-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk. Breakfast is not offered here. the rooms are clean, modern and well prepared. Show more Show less From CAD 123 per night 8.0 Very good 397 reviews OYO Honeycroft Lodge Hotel in Uxbridge Budget Hotel OYO Honeycroft Lodge is set in Uxbridge, 400 metres from Brunel University and 1.9 km from Uxbridge. This 2-star hotel offers a shared kitchen. Bindi the host was warm. I enjoyed every bit of my stay. Show more Show less From CAD 112 per night 8.5 Very good 543 reviews Hotels with great access to Heathrow Terminal 5! See all The Lion Gate Mews Hotel in Kingston upon Thames Great location The Lion Gate Mews offers self-catering accommodation in East Molesey. The apartments offer free WiFi, and private off-road parking with 24hr recorded CCTV. great location,very clean and parking on site Show more Show less From CAD 205 per night 9.0 Superb 71 reviews Stirrups Hotel Hotel in Bracknell Great location Looking for your home from home? You've found it! Stirrups is a 46 bedroom, family run hotel set within 10 acres of tranquil Berkshire countryside between Windsor, Ascot & Bracknell. The room was very big and perfect for our family with two toddlers. Show more Show less From CAD 186 per night 9.0 Superb 1,556 reviews Fairmont Windsor Park Hotel in Windsor Great location Set in Windsor, 7.8 km from Windsor Castle, Fairmont Windsor Park offers accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. big rooms, car parking available for free, breakfast was perfect Show more Show less From CAD 545 per night 8.9 Fabulous 551 reviews Atrium Hotel Heathrow Hotel in Hillingdon Great location Located opposite Hatton Cross Underground Station, Atrium Hotel Heathrow offers a fitness centre with a 20-metre swimming pool and a jacuzzi. Featuring a bar, the 4-star hotel has a 24-hour front... Location great, right next to underground. Breakfast, leaving too early. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 7 reviews Staybridge Suites London Heathrow - Bath Road, an IHG Aparthotel Hotel in Hillingdon Great location Centrally located at Heathrow Airport, Staybridge Suites® London - Heathrow Bath Road, Aparthotel offers accommodation for short or extended stays with fully equipped kitchens, free Wi-Fi and... property is fantastic in all aspects Show more Show less From CAD 180 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,483 reviews Sleeplicity London Heathrow Hotel in Feltham Great location Set in Feltham, 4.1 km from Hounslow West, Sleeplicity London Heathrow offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking and a bar. clean and safe and comfortable Show more Show less From CAD 150 per night 8.8 Fabulous 191 reviews The Christopher Hotel, Eton Hotel in Windsor Great location Dating back to the early 16th century, The Christopher Hotel, Eton is located on Windsor's historic Eton High Street and offers contemporary accommodation with free internet access. Very nice place, quiet and peaceful but in a prime central location, near the castle, within waking... Show more Show less From CAD 196 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,437 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Slough Hotel in Slough Great location Set in Slough, 5.6 km from Windsor Castle, Residence Inn by Marriott Slough offers accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. clean, spacious, great breakfast and friendly staff Show more Show less From CAD 187 per night 8.8 Fabulous 566 reviews People are talking about Heathrow Terminal 5! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "Heathrow Terminal 5" See all ibis London Heathrow Airport Hotel in Hillingdon From CAD 101 per night 7.3 Good 11,551 reviews It is reasonably close to Heathrow Terminal 5 and using the Hoppa Bus made it easy to get to and from the airport. The breakfast is good but no fried eggs - perhaps we should have asked. Pity we did not know about the Hoppa Bus when we first arrived at the airport. Coming off a Trafalgar Tour we had to find a hotel for one night at reasonable cost close to Terminal 5 and from that point of view it served its purpose. Show more Show less Louis South Africa Sofitel London Heathrow Hotel in Hillingdon From CAD 220 per night 8.3 Very good 11,957 reviews The hotel facilities were great. The room was just what I expected. The location of the hotel (attached to Heathrow terminal 5 by a covered walkway was ideal. Show more Show less David United States Thistle London Heathrow Terminal 5 Hotel in Hillingdon From CAD 101 per night 7.2 Good 11,734 reviews Room was clean and tidy, staff friendly, 10 minutes to Heathrow Terminal 5 by pod. Highly recommend this hotel as we had an early departure. Show more Show less Dennis Australia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Pet-Friendly Hotels in Hillingdon Explore more great accommodation options in Hillingdon, starting with pet-friendly hotels. Hotels in England Discover more hotels in the surrounding area. Hotels in London Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels in Edinburgh Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels in Windsor Find more hotels in a city close to Heathrow Terminal 5. Hotels in Richmond upon Thames Find more hotels in a city close to Heathrow Terminal 5. Hotels in Slough Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Slough, not too far from Heathrow Terminal 5. Hotels near Heathrow Terminal 2 Places to stay near another famous landmark. Hotels near Wembley Stadium Places to stay near another famous landmark. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870070,1871440