The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Calgary, Canada - Calgary hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Calgary Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Calgary hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada Alberta Calgary Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Calgary – 431 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Super 8 by Wyndham Calgary/Airport 2 stars Hotel in Northeast Calgary, Calgary Featuring an airport shuttle, this hotel is less than 20 minutes’ drive from the Calgary Airport. A continental breakfast and free Wi-Fi is also available. Arieg Oman The staff cooperation and they dealt with all.my concerns professionally. Show more Show less 6.8 Review score 1,126 reviews Price from CAD 80.99 per night Check availability Applause Hotel Calgary Airport by CLIQUE 4 stars Hotel in Northeast Calgary, Calgary Featuring two rooftop hot tubs and a restaurant, Applause Hotel Calgary Airport offers accommodation in Calgary. Free WiFi is provided throughout the property. Jerri United States Very clean and comfortable…all staff were very friendly! Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 1,961 reviews Price from CAD 169 per night Check availability Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Calgary University NW 3 stars Hotel in University of Calgary District , Calgary This hotel is one block of the University of Calgary. The completely non-smoking hotel offers an indoor pool with waterslide, free WiFi and a hot full continental breakfast. SMoody Ireland Location was excellent beside the light rail station and breakfast was an excellent range of foods. The grandkids loved the pool Show more Show less 8 Very good 775 reviews Price from CAD 111.86 per night Check availability Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Northwest 3 stars Hotel in Calgary Located 4 km from the University of Calgary, this Calgary hotel features a fitness centre. A microwave and refrigerator are offered in all rooms. Free WiFi and breakfast are provided. Rohit Finland good value for money and nice breakfast Show more Show less 7.8 Good 1,272 reviews Price from CAD 92.65 per night Check availability Hotel Clique Calgary Airport 4 stars Hotel in Northeast Calgary, Calgary Featuring 2 outdoor rooftop hot tubs with a view, Hotel Clique Calgary Airport is only 2 km from Calgary International Airport. A 24 hour airport shuttle is available for pick up and drop off. יאיר Israel A great hotel, so clean a d convenient. Obviously located in an airport, but had another vibe. Transport at night was extra quick. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 1,797 reviews Price from CAD 149 per night Check availability Deerfoot Inn and Casino 4 stars Hotel in Calgary This Calgary hotel is located on top of a hill, 3 miles from Mckenzie Meadows Golf Club. This 4-star hotel boasts an indoor water slide, spa services and a casino. Failshot Canada Great front desk service and very helpful Show more Show less 7.9 Good 388 reviews Price from CAD 169 per night Check availability SureStay Plus by Best Western Calgary South East 3 stars Hotel in Calgary Annual winner of the prestigious Alberta Hotel & Lodging Association Housekeeping Award and recipient of Where Magazine's 'Top 10 Cool, Kid-friendly Hotels', SureStay Plus Hotel by Best Western... Cleo United States The location is in a more industrial area but it was very safe and quiet. If you have a car, it is close to many stores and restaurants, most about 2-3 kms away. The bed was very comfortable. The breakfast was outstanding. Hot food, fresh fruit, waffles, juice, milk, and plenty of coffee. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 345 reviews Price from CAD 124 per night Check availability Courtyard by Marriott Calgary South 3 stars Hotel in Seton, Calgary Courtyard by Marriott Calgary South is set in the Seton urban district in south Calgary. The hotel has an indoor pool and hot tub, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant. Jagjit United States The room was clean and spacious. Also, the underground parking was also very convenient. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 187 reviews Price from CAD 198.55 per night Check availability Wingate by Wyndham Calgary South 3 stars Hotel in Calgary Featuring an indoor pool with 2-storey waterslide, this Calgary, Alberta hotel is 5 minutes’ drive from Fish Creek Provincial Park. Calgary Airport is 45 minutes' drive away. Lindsay United Kingdom Great location, clean, really comfy beds. Great breakfast in the morning. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 219 reviews Price from CAD 159 per night Check availability Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary South 3 stars Hotel in Seton, Calgary Featuring free WiFi, a restaurant and an indoor pool and waterslide, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary South is located in the Seton neighbourhood in southern Calgary, 23 km from Calgary Stampede. Christa Canada great location for what we needed. kitchenette and room for our family and pets was important as well. Show more Show less 9 Superb 46 reviews Price from CAD 219 per night Check availability See all 126 hotels in Calgary Most booked hotels in Calgary in the past month See all Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 6.7 Pleasant · 6,260 reviews Applause Hotel Calgary Airport by CLIQUE Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 8.8 Fabulous · 1,961 reviews Executive Residency by Best Western Calgary City View North Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 8.6 Fabulous · 2,373 reviews Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 7.4 Good · 1,408 reviews Hotel 11, MOD A Sonesta Collection Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 8.6 Fabulous · 1,629 reviews Wingate by Wyndham Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 8.4 Very good · 3,146 reviews Homewood Suites by Hilton Calgary Downtown Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 8.2 Very good · 887 reviews Sandman Signature Calgary Downtown Hotel Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 7.8 Good · 2,316 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Macleod Trail Calgary Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 7.5 Good · 1,941 reviews Fairmont Palliser Hotel in Calgary Popular with guests booking hotels in Calgary 8.3 Very good · 671 reviews Calgary's best hotels with breakfast See all Applause Hotel Calgary Airport by CLIQUE Hotel in Calgary Breakfast options Featuring two rooftop hot tubs and a restaurant, Applause Hotel Calgary Airport offers accommodation in Calgary. Free WiFi is provided throughout the property. Spacious/clean/modern. Every thing thought of Avg. price/night: CAD 214.20 8.8 Fabulous · 1,961 reviews Hyatt Regency Calgary Hotel in Calgary Breakfast options Offering the largest guestrooms in the city, an indoor pool and spa centre, Hyatt Regency Calgary is centrally located in Calgary. Guests can dine in the on-site restaurant and lounge. The coziest bed you will sleep in with amazing views Avg. price/night: CAD 277.31 8.7 Fabulous · 1,056 reviews Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel & Conference Centre Hotel in Calgary Breakfast options This hotel is within a 12-minute drive of Calgary city centre. The hotel features free parking and provides free WiFi in all areas. Great place, pool was amazing. There was no breakfast included Avg. price/night: CAD 167.28 8.3 Very good · 1,236 reviews Carriage House Hotel and Conference Centre Hotel in Calgary Breakfast options This Calgary hotel is 15 minutes' drive from the Calgary Zoo and historic Fort Calgary. The hotel offers 4 restaurants and guest rooms with flat-screen TVs and free WiFi. Great location. Friendly staff and delicious breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 178.98 8.4 Very good · 2,654 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Calgary Downtown Hotel in Calgary Breakfast options Ideally located in Calgary, Courtyard by Marriott Calgary Downtown offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a shared lounge. Perfect location. Lovely spacious and clean rooms. Avg. price/night: CAD 196.47 8.7 Fabulous · 396 reviews The Westin Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary Breakfast options The Westin Calgary Airport features a restaurant, fitness centre, a bar and shared lounge in Calgary. An indoor swimming pool and a car rental service are available for guests. Great shuttle service. Friendly staff and beautiful rooms. Avg. price/night: CAD 256.48 8.7 Fabulous · 169 reviews Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites - Calgary Airport North, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Calgary Breakfast options Situated in Calgary and with CrossIron Mills reachable within 7.6 km, Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites - Calgary Airport North, an IHG Hotel features concierge services, allergy-free rooms, a shared lounge,... Very clean. Best breakfasts. We booked a room with breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 144.37 8.0 Very good · 811 reviews Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Calgary South - Conference Ctr, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Calgary Breakfast options Set in Calgary, Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Calgary South - Conference Ctr is located 7 km from Calgary Stampede. Cleanliness friendly atmosphere and friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 185.92 8.5 Very good · 513 reviews Budget hotels in Calgary See all Hotel 11, MOD A Sonesta Collection Hotel in Calgary Budget Hotel Hotel 11 by Sonesta offers views of the Rocky Mountains, swimming pool, fitness centre, and hot tub. Free WiFi is available throughout the property. Calgary International Airport is 2 km away. The front desk and restaurant staff were exceptional, Avg. price/night: CAD 137.34 8.6 Fabulous · 1,629 reviews Comfort Inn & Suites Airport North Hotel in Calgary Budget Hotel Featuring an indoor pool and hot tub, Comfort Inn & Suites is only 5 minutes’ drive away from Calgary International Airport. A free airport shuttle is also provided. Free WiFi access is available. All went well. Great place to sta when connecting flights Avg. price/night: CAD 123.22 8.1 Very good · 3,791 reviews Hampton Inn by Hilton Calgary Airport North Hotel in Calgary Budget Hotel Featuring an indoor pool and a hot tub, this Calgary hotel provides a daily, hot breakfast. Free Wi-Fi is offered all guest rooms. Calgary International Airport is 3 minutes’ drive away. Spacious room, decent breakfast, shuttle to the airport, friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 152.24 8.5 Very good · 1,642 reviews Best Western PLUS Port O'Call Hotel Hotel in Calgary Budget Hotel Only registered hotel guests have access to the on-site pool and waterpark and must wear their designated wrist bands to identify them as a register guest, this Calgary property provides free Wi-Fi. Water Park is amazing and staff are extremely kind. Avg. price/night: CAD 155.87 8.1 Very good · 1,226 reviews Best Western Premier Freeport Inn Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary Budget Hotel This Calgary, Alberta hotel boasts an indoor pool with waterslide, on-site restaurant and rooms with a 42-inch flat-screen TV. Good transfers to and from airport. Friendly welcome Avg. price/night: CAD 141.69 8.3 Very good · 1,151 reviews Coast Calgary Downtown Hotel & Suites by APA Hotel in Calgary Budget Hotel Featuring an on-site gym, this Calgary city centre hotel is a 5-minute train ride to Calgary Stampede. All suites include a full kitchen. Free WiFi is included throughout each unit. Great location, easy to find and very helpful staff! Avg. price/night: CAD 127.45 8.2 Very good · 1,806 reviews Best Western Plus Village Park Inn Hotel in Calgary Budget Hotel Featuring a restaurant and lounge on site, this Calgary hotel also offers an indoor pool and hot tub. Free WiFi and a refrigerator are provided in each guest room. Enjoyed the breakfast very much!! So many choices!! Avg. price/night: CAD 141.95 8.1 Very good · 1,157 reviews Royal Hotel Calgary, Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in Calgary Budget Hotel Offering a restaurant and a fitness centre, this Calgary hotel provides free Wi-Fi. A refrigerator is included in each guest room. Calgary city centre is just 11 minutes’ drive away. Wonderful staff very clean comfortable room and good food. Avg. price/night: CAD 136.85 8.1 Very good · 1,538 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Calgary See all The Inn on Officers' Garden Hotel in Calgary Central location Featuring a garden and a bar, The Inn on Officers' Garden is located in Calgary, 7.3 km from McMahon Stadium and 7.4 km from Devonian Gardens. Avg. price/night: CAD 265.96 9.5 Exceptional · 2 reviews Hotel Le Germain Calgary Hotel in Calgary Central location Offering on-site dining, a 24-fitness centre and in-room massages, this centrally located Calgary boutique hotel is located across the street from the Calgary Tower. Great location friendly helpful professional staff Avg. price/night: CAD 268.33 8.9 Fabulous · 619 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary Central location This Calgary hotel is 12 km from Calgary city centre and the Calgary International Airport. The hotel features an indoor pool and accommodations with a fully equipped kitchenette. check in was smooth and the room was as advertised Avg. price/night: CAD 211.07 8.8 Fabulous · 88 reviews Hotel Arts Kensington Hotel in Calgary Central location This contemporary hotel is located steps from the Bow River and is less than 2 minutes walk from Calgary city centre. It features an award-winning restaurant on site. Excellent botuqie hotel in a fantastic neighborhood. Avg. price/night: CAD 262.09 8.7 Fabulous · 168 reviews Calgary Airport Marriott In-Terminal Hotel Hotel in Calgary Central location Located right next to Calgary International Airport, Calgary Airport Marriott In-Terminal Hotel features a fitness centre and indoor pool. Free WiFi is provided. Location was perfect for our flight..so happy about that. Avg. price/night: CAD 382.84 8.7 Fabulous · 978 reviews Hotel Clique Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary Central location Featuring 2 outdoor rooftop hot tubs with a view, Hotel Clique Calgary Airport is only 2 km from Calgary International Airport. A 24 hour airport shuttle is available for pick up and drop off. Extremely comfortable beds. Room was well kept and very clean Avg. price/night: CAD 185.10 8.7 Fabulous · 1,797 reviews Delta Hotels by Marriott Calgary Downtown Hotel in Calgary Central location Featuring an indoor swimming pool and seasonal sun deck, this Calgary hotel is located in the heart of the city centre. A view of the river and downtown skyline is enjoyed. Breakfast was delicious. The location was excellent. Avg. price/night: CAD 199.84 8.6 Fabulous · 811 reviews Sheraton Suites Calgary Eau Claire Hotel in Calgary Central location Featuring a restaurant and pub, this Calgary hotel includes a pool with waterslide and a hot tub. An on-site fitness center is open to all guests. HDTV is provided in each guest room. Great quality spacious room and very professional helpful staff Avg. price/night: CAD 257.10 8.6 Fabulous · 337 reviews FAQs about hotels in Calgary How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Calgary? On average, 3-star hotels in Calgary cost CAD 145 per night, and 4-star hotels in Calgary are CAD 204 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Calgary can on average be found for CAD 335 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Calgary for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Calgary this weekend is CAD 163 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 218. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Calgary for this weekend cost on average around CAD 238 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Calgary for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 163 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Calgary for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 243 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Calgary will cost around CAD 267 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Calgary are good for families? Many families visiting Calgary loved staying at Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary South, The Westley Calgary Downtown, Tapestry Collection By Hilton and The Dorian, Autograph Collection. What are the best hotels in Calgary near Chinook Centre? Some of the best hotels in Calgary near Chinook Centre include Hotel Blackfoot, Super 8 by Wyndham Macleod Trail Calgary and Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Calgary South - Conference Ctr, an IHG Hotel. What are the best hotels in Calgary near Calgary International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Calgary near Calgary International Airport (YYC) have said good things about Delta Hotels Calgary Airport In-Terminal, Calgary Airport Marriott In-Terminal Hotel and Hampton Inn by Hilton Calgary Airport North. What are the best hotels to stay in Calgary? The Westley Calgary Downtown, Tapestry Collection By Hilton, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District and The Dorian, Autograph Collection are some of the popular hotels in Calgary. What hotels in Calgary offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Calgary that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel & Conference Centre, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District and The Dorian, Autograph Collection. What hotels in Calgary are good for couples? These hotels in Calgary are highly rated by couples: The Dorian, Autograph Collection, The Westley Calgary Downtown, Tapestry Collection By Hilton and Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary South. What hotels in Calgary have nice views? The Dorian, Autograph Collection, Residence Inn by Marriott Calgary Downtown/Beltline District and Hotel Clique Calgary Airport have received great reviews from travellers in Calgary regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Western Culture East of the Rockies Set on plains dominated by the Rockies, Calgary shot to international fame as first Canadian host of the Winter Olympics. The Olympic Park is still used for skiing and summer events, and also houses Canada’s Sports Hall of Fame. Speed skating and ice hockey matches thrill crowds in the Olympic Oval, whereas NHL games kick off at the Saddledome, an arena on the Calgary Stampede grounds, site of a huge 10-day rodeo and Western festival. The neighbouring river meets the Bow River by Fort Calgary, a former Mountie outpost. The zoo is on one of the river’s islands, while Prince’s Island Park overlooks the downtown skyscrapers. Calgary Tower offers far-reaching views, and Stephen Avenue at its feet is lined with restaurants and bars. 17 Avenue also offers good nightlife, while the Chinook Centre and Barclay Parade have a host of stores. The Core shopping centre includes Devonian Gardens, reportedly the world’s largest indoor gardens. Other attractions include Telus Spark science centre, the eclectic Glenbow Museum and Heritage Park, where a paddle steamer and steam train transport you to Calgary of yesteryear. Calgary Airport is near the city centre, and Booking.com offers luxury hotels with airport shuttles, cheap motels, and B&Bs with parking. If you’re lucky, you might even see the Northern Lights from your accommodation. Learn more about visiting Calgary 5 attractions 60 points of interest 9 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Calgary: 10 We never got to visit any of the Calgary experience, arrived... We never got to visit any of the Calgary experience, arrived three hours late on flight from London, Heathrow Airport and had an early morning flight out the next morning! My wife is huge fan of the panoramic view of the end of the flat Prairies to the rising of the Majestic Rockies. We got to experience an amazing sunrise that we couldn’t capture with our camera! Christopher 8.0 Nice city overall, nice restaurants, the Tower view was... Nice city overall, nice restaurants, the Tower view was great, I would highly recommend the zoo, most probably the best I have seen with Berlin Zoo. Peoples are nice for most, Chinook shopping mall was convenient. Jean-Francois Canada 10 We were in Calgary to help our son move into his new place. We were in Calgary to help our son move into his new place. While there were enjoyed some top notch meals and I want to recommend these places to everyone. In each case the food was fabulous, the service top notch and price was reasonable for outstanding experience. 1. Yim Siam Thai Street Food; 4327 Macleod Trail 10/10, yimsiamthaistreetfood.ca 2. Bennys Breakfast Bar; 7007 11 St SE, bennysbreakfastbar.ca 3. SALTLIK Calgary; 101 8 Ave SW #21, saltlik.com I am constantly having weekend getaways and I am always seeking out awesome cuisine and experiences and these 3 stand out for me. Fred Canada 8.0 Calgary South Central was a pleasant stay, views of the... Calgary South Central was a pleasant stay, views of the mountains while you tour around the town areas was a nice added bonus. Commute around the East side of the city was enjoyable, didnt notice any traffic or congested parking lots in the Southern city areas. North of downtown was busy, traffic was particularly high around the rush hour. Ashley Canada 8.0 I have been a Torontonian for half a century, obviously, I... I have been a Torontonian for half a century, obviously, I like Toronto! I found Calgary a refreshing place to visit from time to time. In fact, my second son moved there a few years ago, giving me a reason to go more often. I enjoy the less hustling type of living, people seem to be more relaxed. I enjoy the more conservation-minded lifestyle, where they manage to keep the City as "green" as possible. I enjoy the supersized dog park (I don't own one, but love animals); I enjoy the walks, and paths, in the City. I especially love Banff National Park district, which is only a 1.5-hour drive away. Will I move to Calgary? Not really, but it remains as one of my favorite Candian Cities. MKYIM Canada 10 Weather was excellent. Weather was excellent. The Steven mall eighth avenue is a must , closed to traffic . The Toweris a must to view the city. The zoo is a must You are closed to Banff and Lake louise which are a must see Banff hot springs and view of the Rocky Mountains are a memorable trip. The topping on your visit to . I have not been back to Calgary for 30 years and saw a lot of changes. Lots of public scooters you can scan and ride day and night. The bike paths were excellent, Not as many bicycles as my city Cornwall, Ont. Streets were well lit. A lot of people out and enjoying the city night life. There are old theatres in China town and on Steven mall , to bring one back in time. People like to dress up fancy and go out on a weekend. We don't get this in my city , Looks very stylish and nice to see people on the street dressed up to enjoy the Night. Explore guest reviews of hotels in Calgary See all Stylish Downtown Condos by GLOBALSTAY Beltline, Calgary From CAD 117.90 per night 7.8 Good 303 reviews The apartment was simply amazing. The views were stunning, it was very clean and new. Internet was very fast. We felt safe, the security guards at the entrance were always kind and the location was great, close to Stampede, easy to reach from the airport by train and a short walk to downtown Calgary. We would definitely stay there again if they change their policy about kids (we'll have one soon). Check-in situation was quite awkward but the host always responded extremely quickly which is always appreciated. Show more Show less Gian Switzerland Comfort Inn & Suites Airport South Hotel in Calgary From CAD 86.70 per night 7.2 Good 825 reviews This hotel served all my needs. It had free parking for when I needed to park my vehicle while in Calgary. And a free shuttle service to the airport. Upon returning to Calgary my flight was delayed and I was going to arrive at midnight. I was pleasantly surprised when the receptionist told me the shuttle would pick me up and the front desk is open 24 hours! Also the breakfast buffet offers a great selection of food. Show more Show less Beverley Canada Coast Calgary Downtown Hotel & Suites by APA Hotel in Calgary From CAD 113.52 per night 8.2 Very good 1,806 reviews Compared to other accommodation I had on this Canada trip this one was fantastic, huge suite with fully equipped kitchen, two huge TVs, etc. Besides, they offer a pick-up breakfast for just $5. Its a good location, not far to the busier part of downtown and to the river walk. The airport bus stops just two blocks away. So for the price it was very good. Show more Show less Robert Germany Hyatt Place Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary From CAD 133.95 per night 8.1 Very good 1,379 reviews We arrived very early in the day, and the hotel was able to give us an extremely early check-in, which made our trip so much easier. The Hyatt is our go-to airport hotel when we're flying in and out of Calgary. It's so convenient having a regular place to stay and to not even have to think about what hotel to book. Show more Show less Amy Mexico Hyatt Regency Calgary Hotel in Calgary From CAD 198 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,057 reviews The breakfast was very yummy and even though supper was really good. Location downtown was a good idea because it was very close to everything and you can just walk to Calgary Tower you can walk to different bars. And when they have like a fast four it’s really close to the hotel to there’s a lot to do around this hotel . Show more Show less Heather Canada Econo Lodge Inn & Suites University Hotel in Calgary From CAD 87 per night 7.5 Good 713 reviews We have been on the road for two months and for the money this has been a very pleasant experience! Located on a hotel row right beside the Calgary LRT system if you want to go downtown. Room was very nice, everything worked and we really enjoyed a great dinner at Nicks Steakhouse 5min up the street ! Show more Show less Steve Canada Best Western Premier Calgary Plaza Hotel & Conference Centre Hotel in Calgary From CAD 149 per night 8.3 Very good 1,236 reviews Lovely room , the hotel is located within a few minutes walk of Marlborough station which takes you downtown in 15 minutes. Ideal for Calgary Stampede. The staff in the hotel and restaurant are great , and the food in Barringtons was delicious. Show more Show less Judith United Kingdom Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Calgary Downtown Hotel in Beltline, Calgary From CAD 152.15 per night 8.4 Very good 622 reviews This is a great functional hotel very close to the heart of downtown Calgary. The breakfast was great, a large variety of items to choose from. Staff very friendly & helpful. Show more Show less carol United Kingdom Sandman Signature Calgary Downtown Hotel Hotel in Calgary From CAD 136 per night 7.8 Good 2,321 reviews Location of the hotel was great, basically right in the middle of downtown Calgary (or a very short walk). Room was nice and comfortable. Looks like it has been newly renovated. Show more Show less Luca Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Calgary Airport Trail NE, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Calgary From CAD 117.99 per night 8.0 Very good 1,322 reviews Great location near the airport. Everything was clean and the hotel was quiet. the bed was especially comfortable. these are the items that were most important to me. Show more Show less Priscilla United States Comfort Inn & Suites Airport North Hotel in Calgary From CAD 107.35 per night 8.1 Very good 3,791 reviews Airport shuttle service, breakfast, cleanliness, and all the amenities were excellent. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who needs accommodation near airport. Show more Show less Rajeev Sweden Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Calgary Downtown Hotel in Calgary From CAD 122.32 per night 7.4 Good 1,408 reviews No breakfast like other Wyndham hotels we stayed at. Its cheap considering the location is Downtown, you get what you pay for. Show more Show less Jack Canada Riviera Divya Sutra Plaza and Conference Centre Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary From CAD 69 per night 6.7 Review score 6,256 reviews Affordable price, room and facilities were clean, and location was convenient from the airport and downtown Calgary. Show more Show less Hany United Kingdom Hotel Le Germain Calgary Hotel in Calgary From CAD 189 per night 8.9 Fabulous 619 reviews The hotel was across the street from the Calgary Tower and was right downtown so we could walk around the city. Show more Show less Deb United States Carriage House Hotel and Conference Centre Hotel in Calgary From CAD 159 per night 8.4 Very good 2,654 reviews Breakfast was great, front desk was friendly and beds where comfy. I Stayed a week. Best Hotel in Calgary Show more Show less Pringle Canada Hotel Clique Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary From CAD 149 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,797 reviews The hotel provides free airport shuttle. Our favorite hotel in Calgary. Show more Show less Ran United States Days Inn by Wyndham Calgary Airport Hotel in Calgary From CAD 92.65 per night 7.5 Good 1,456 reviews The location in proximity between downtown Calgary and the Airport. Show more Show less Michael Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Calgary International Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Hotels in Alberta Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Calgary Region Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Car hire in Calgary Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels in Canmore Find more hotels in a city close to Canmore. Hotels in Airdrie Find more hotels in a city close to Airdrie. Hotels in Downtown Calgary Explore Calgary while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Northeast Calgary Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Visit Calgary Everything you need to know about your destination. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Calgary Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870380|3,1833870,1846890,1870380,1870380|7,1847760|3,1866460,1847760