The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Singapore, Singapore - Singapore hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Singapore Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Singapore hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Singapore Singapore Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Singapore – 498 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Hotel Boss 4 stars Hotel in Kallang, Singapore Located along Victoria Street, Hotel Boss offers accommodations in Singapore. It features an outdoor swimming pool and guests can enjoy meals from the 5 of the in-house dining options. Daiane Brazil excellent service and close to everything Show more Show less 6.7 Review score 9,218 reviews Price from CAD 119 per night Check availability YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport Landside 4 stars Hotel in Changi, Singapore Located inside Jewel Changi Airport (outside of transit area), this property is walking distance towards Changi Airport Terminal 1, 2 & 3. Rosalba Italy Amazing experience in a cabin (never been before). It’s small but perfect for an overnight stay. Super convenient location inside the Jewel at Changi Airport. Team friendly and helpful. The complimentary coffee in the morning was incredibly good. Show more Show less 7.4 Good 5,129 reviews Price from CAD 222 per night Check availability Capri by Fraser Changi City, Singapore 4 stars Hotel in Changi, Singapore Located in the heart of Changi Business Park, Capri by Fraser offers free WiFi and is just a 5-minute drive from Changi Airport. This non-smoking property features an outdoor swimming pool. Melina Australia Staff looked after us and let us check in early after a long flight. Bed was comfortable and pool was lovely. Great location with easy access to food and airport. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 1,393 reviews Price from CAD 220 per night Check availability The Fullerton Hotel Singapore 5 stars Hotel in Marina Bay, Singapore Located in the Central Business District, The Fullerton Hotel Singapore is a 5-minute drive from Clarke Quay and Boat Quay. It features a spa, infinity pool and a fitness centre. Robert Malaysia We had a wonderful experience at The Fullerton. The staff were very helpful with our baby, cot was provided as well as high chairs and plenty of help around the hotel. We booked two rooms that faced the inner courtyard. Rooms were more spacious than I expected and very clean. Breakfast selection is fantastic. The location is phenomenal and the view from the pool is wonderful. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 1,654 reviews Price from CAD 421 per night Check availability Fairmont Singapore 5 stars Hotel in Singapore City Centre, Singapore Fairmont offers accommodation in Singapore’s Bras Basah arts hub, atop City Hall MRT Station and Esplanade MRT Station.Directly connected to Raffles City Shopping Centre, it boasts 12 dining options... Jason United Kingdom Fabulous hotel, with fantastic staff, very welcoming and helpful. Huge thanks to the catering team in Preggo, who were so very helpful to us in arranging gluten free options for my wife and daughter. Thank you so much! 😊 Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 1,659 reviews Price from CAD 339 per night Check availability The Outpost Hotel Sentosa by Far East Hospitality 5 stars Hotel in Sentosa Island, Singapore The Outpost Hotel Sentosa is an adults-exclusive trendy hotel catering to guests above 16 years of age, offering tailor-made experiences for stylish and discerning travellers. Paul Romania Big rooms, hotel close to the stations and beaches. Very clean and the pool was amazing too. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 1,076 reviews Price from CAD 292 per night Check availability Village Hotel Katong by Far East Hospitality 4 stars Hotel in East Coast, Singapore Village Hotel Katong by Far East Hospitality features an outdoor pool, a restaurant, and a 24-hour front desk. Free WiFi is available in rooms and throughout the property. Bengi İmge Turkey clean easy to use public transportation next to the bus stop there are shops and resturants in the hotel building room was so clean and large thank you Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 1,726 reviews Price from CAD 207 per night Check availability PARKROYAL on Beach Road, Singapore 4 stars Hotel in Bugis, Singapore PARKROYAL is located along Beach Road, a 5-minute drive from The Esplanade and Singapore Flyer. The hotel offers an outdoor pool, award-winning Chinese restaurant and luxurious spa services. Petra Czech Republic Breakfast was superb, nice variety of warm meals and wide selection of fruits and vegetables with changing selection on daily basis. Hotel was very clean and elegant, easy access to sightseeing. Good connection to the airport. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 1,412 reviews Price from CAD 258 per night Check availability Ibis Styles Singapore On Macpherson 3 stars Hotel in Singapore Strategically located at the corner of Macpherson and Aljunied Road, Ibis Styles Singapore On Macpherson is complemented by the Macpherson Mall as part of the hotel complex. Cassandra Australia The staff were lovely and took real care to make sure my stay was comfortable. Excellent staff. Show more Show less 6.4 Review score 1,327 reviews Price from CAD 121 per night Check availability Venue Hotel The Lily 3 stars Hotel in East Coast, Singapore Located in Singapore, 600 metres from Geylang Serai Market, Venue Hotel The Lily features a tour desk and free WiFi. It is 1 km to OneKM Shopping Mall and Tanjong Katong Complex. Douglas John United Kingdom Staff where super helpful enjoyed my stay here very good wifi really nice location plenty of food / restaurants nearby and next door is a 7-11 for water and snacks will definitely come back as really good price for Singapore. Show more Show less 7.3 Good 1,157 reviews Price from CAD 93 per night Check availability See all 365 hotels in Singapore Cheapest time to stay in Singapore In January you can stay in Singapore for an average price of CA$138 per night CA$217CA$173CA$130CA$87CA$43CA$0 CA$138 Jan CA$144 Feb CA$141 Mar CA$147 Apr CA$148 May CA$142 Jun CA$165 Jul CA$160 Aug CA$167 Sep CA$139 Oct CA$139 Nov CA$150 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Singapore in the past month See all Marina Bay Sands Hotel in Marina Bay, Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 9.2 Superb · 11,213 reviews Hotel Boss Hotel in Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 6.7 Pleasant · 9,202 reviews Holiday Inn Express Singapore Katong, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Katong, Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 8.4 Very good · 1,218 reviews PARKROYAL COLLECTION Marina Bay, Singapore Hotel in Marina Bay, Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 8.7 Fabulous · 4,186 reviews lyf Funan Singapore Hotel in City Hall, Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 8.5 Very good · 3,958 reviews YOTEL Singapore Orchard Road Hotel in Orchard, Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 8.0 Very good · 5,654 reviews V Hotel Lavender Hotel in Lavender, Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 7.1 Good · 3,424 reviews Carlton Hotel Singapore Hotel in City Hall, Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 8.4 Very good · 7,130 reviews Crowne Plaza Changi Airport, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Changi, Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 8.6 Fabulous · 3,545 reviews AM Hotel Hotel in Singapore Popular with guests booking hotels in Singapore 6.6 Pleasant · 1,663 reviews Singapore's best hotels with breakfast See all Mandarin Oriental, Singapore Hotel in Marina Bay, Singapore Breakfast options Towering over Marina Bay, Mandarin Oriental, Singapore, features an outdoor pool with stunning cityscape views and a luxurious spa. Guests can keep fit at the gym or with Yoga classes. 직윈들 친절 특히 엠마 윈터씨 매우친절 감사함니다 아침뷔페 너무조앗음니다 담에 또이용하겟음니다 아침뷔페직원들 매우친절 Avg. price/night: CAD 906.84 9.1 Superb · 16 reviews Paradox Singapore Merchant Court at Clarke Quay Hotel in Clarke Quay, Singapore Breakfast options Ideally located in Singapore, Paradox Singapore Merchant Court at Clarke Quay offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. The location is fantastic and the staff were amazing. Avg. price/night: CAD 325.02 8.4 Very good · 3,943 reviews The Clan Hotel Singapore by Far East Hospitality Hotel in Singapore Breakfast options The Clan Hotel Singapore by Far East Hospitality has a fitness centre, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Singapore. This 5-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. Great location. Comfortable rooms. Pool with a view Avg. price/night: CAD 364.66 8.9 Fabulous · 2,592 reviews Dusit Thani Laguna Singapore Hotel in Singapore Breakfast options Located in Singapore, 1.8 km from Changi City Point, Dusit Thani Laguna Singapore provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Beautiful hotel. Close to airport. Modern and clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 384.35 8.4 Very good · 2,060 reviews The Capitol Kempinski Hotel Singapore Hotel in City Hall, Singapore Breakfast options Restored from the Capitol Building and Stamford House by Pritzker Prize laureate, Richard Meier, The Capitol Kempinski Hotel Singapore offers accommodations within the hustle and bustle of Singapore's... Excellent rooms, pleasant staff and restaurant food Avg. price/night: CAD 562.12 8.9 Fabulous · 1,235 reviews Andaz Singapore A Concept by Hyatt Hotel in Singapore Breakfast options Nestled between the vibrant districts of Kampong Glam and Bugis, Andaz Singapore – A Concept by Hyatt offers accommodations in Singapore. Amazing property. Nothing wrong with it at all. Highly recommend it. Avg. price/night: CAD 464.83 8.6 Fabulous · 1,007 reviews YOTEL Singapore Orchard Road Hotel in Orchard, Singapore Breakfast options Located in the heart of the vibrant Orchard Road district, YOTEL Singapore Orchard Road offers smoke-free accommodation in Singapore. modern design, great breakfast, good gym, great pool Avg. price/night: CAD 259.44 8.0 Very good · 5,654 reviews Dao by Dorsett AMTD Singapore Hotel in Marina Bay, Singapore Breakfast options Dao by Dorsett AMTD Singapore features an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre, a restaurant and bar in Singapore. This 5-star hotel offers an ATM and a concierge service. Free upgrade to huge room. Core er view of the harbor. Avg. price/night: CAD 320.46 8.8 Fabulous · 2,066 reviews Budget hotels in Singapore See all Hotel Faber Park Singapore - Handwritten Collection Hotel in Singapore Budget Hotel Featuring a restaurant, bar and views of city, Hotel Faber Park Singapore - Handwritten Collection is located in Singapore, 1.2 km from VivoCity. Team very professional Location Clean and nice rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 168.64 8.7 Fabulous · 96 reviews Hotel Mi Rochor Hotel in Bencoolen, Singapore Budget Hotel Set in Singapore and with Singapore Art Museum reachable within 1 km, Hotel Mi Rochor offers an outdoor swimming pool, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a garden. Avg. price/night: CAD 151.58 8.5 Very good · 4 reviews ST Signature Tanjong Pagar, SHORT OVERNIGHT, 14 hours: 8PM-10AM Hotel in Chinatown, Singapore Budget Hotel Conveniently set in Singapore, ST Signature Tanjong Pagar, SHORT OVERNIGHT, 14 hours: 8PM-10AM provides air-conditioned rooms, a terrace, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 3-star hotel offers a bar. seamless checkin experience. Room was clean and comfy :) Avg. price/night: CAD 150.25 8.0 Very good · 44 reviews AM Hotel Hotel in Singapore Budget Hotel Set in the Geylang district in Singapore, AM Hotel offers 3-star rooms with free WiFi. Nice shower. Good value, basic, clean, comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 89.18 6.6 Pleasant · 1,663 reviews Hotel Classic by Venue Hotel in Singapore Budget Hotel Located within the culturally-rich Geylang district, Hotel Classic by Venue offers accommodations in Singapore. Free WiFi is available throughout the property. Location is excellent, price is good for Singapore. Avg. price/night: CAD 110.23 7.9 Good · 1,194 reviews Hotel 81 Orchid Hotel in Singapore Budget Hotel Ideally set in the Red Light District district of Singapore, Hotel 81 Orchid is set 3.2 km from Bugis Street, 3.2 km from Mustafa Centre and 3.6 km from Suntec City. location ok bed comfortable clean and affordable good staff Avg. price/night: CAD 86.74 6.7 Pleasant · 1,687 reviews Hotel Boss Hotel in Singapore Budget Hotel Located along Victoria Street, Hotel Boss offers accommodations in Singapore. It features an outdoor swimming pool and guests can enjoy meals from the 5 of the in-house dining options. accessible to tar safire and shops and restaurants Avg. price/night: CAD 161.25 6.7 Pleasant · 9,202 reviews Ibis Styles Singapore On Macpherson Hotel in Singapore Budget Hotel Strategically located at the corner of Macpherson and Aljunied Road, Ibis Styles Singapore On Macpherson is complemented by the Macpherson Mall as part of the hotel complex. wonderful, helpful staff and a very comfortable room Avg. price/night: CAD 170.80 6.4 Pleasant · 1,326 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Singapore See all hovoh homes Bugis Rochor Hotel in Victoria, Singapore Central location Set in Singapore and with Bugis Street reachable within 100 metres, hovoh homes Bugis Rochor offers concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a terrace, free WiFi and a restaurant. A személyzet nagyon segitő volt. Jól éresztük magunkat 9.2 Superb · 40 reviews The Fullerton Hotel Singapore Hotel in Marina Bay, Singapore Central location Located in the Central Business District, The Fullerton Hotel Singapore is a 5-minute drive from Clarke Quay and Boat Quay. It features a spa, infinity pool and a fitness centre. The staff are very friendly and the place is superb. Avg. price/night: CAD 500.26 8.9 Fabulous · 1,654 reviews Conrad Centennial Singapore Hotel in Marina Bay, Singapore Central location Located within Marina Bay, Conrad Centennial Singapore is a 3-minute walk from Promenade MRT station. Offering city or bay views, it features an outdoor pool, 3 dining options and a spa. Great location, facilities and very helpful stuff. Avg. price/night: CAD 407.36 8.8 Fabulous · 750 reviews PARKROYAL COLLECTION Pickering, Singapore Hotel in Chinatown, Singapore Central location Located beside Chinatown MRT Station, PARKROYAL COLLECTION Pickering, Singapore boasts a dedicated wellness floor that features an outdoor pool, gym and 300-metre garden walk high above the street... Friendliness of staff. Very helpful also. Great location! Avg. price/night: CAD 464.83 8.8 Fabulous · 3,610 reviews AMOY by Far East Hospitality Hotel in Chinatown, Singapore Central location AMOY by Far East Hospitality (SG Clean) is named after and inspired by the Zhangzhou people who came from China to settle in Singapore. Great location and the most friendly helpful staff 8.8 Fabulous · 457 reviews PARKROYAL COLLECTION Marina Bay, Singapore Hotel in Marina Bay, Singapore Central location Featuring elegant rooms with dramatic views of the Singapore skyline, a range of dining options and a mineral water pool, PARKROYAL COLLECTION Marina Bay, Singapore offers the best of Singapore’s... Great room sizes, beautiful view of marina bay and lovely staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 643.19 8.7 Fabulous · 4,186 reviews Swissotel The Stamford Hotel in City Hall, Singapore Central location One of Southeast Asia's tallest hotels, Swissôtel The Stamford is located above City Hall and Esplanade MRT Station. It has a spa, 2 pools, and 12 dining options including a bar at level 70. The whole 5 star experience. Amazing location , staff, beds and view Avg. price/night: CAD 388.08 8.6 Fabulous · 2,540 reviews Fairmont Singapore Hotel in City Hall, Singapore Central location Fairmont offers accommodation in Singapore’s Bras Basah arts hub, atop City Hall MRT Station and Esplanade MRT Station.Directly connected to Raffles City Shopping Centre, it boasts 12 dining options... location, staff, gold lounge, cleanness, harbor view Avg. price/night: CAD 450.66 8.6 Fabulous · 1,659 reviews FAQs about hotels in Singapore How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Singapore? On average, 3-star hotels in Singapore cost CAD 151 per night, and 4-star hotels in Singapore are CAD 237 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Singapore can on average be found for CAD 495 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Singapore for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Singapore this weekend is CAD 181 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 259. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Singapore for this weekend cost on average around CAD 533 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Singapore for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 143 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Singapore for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 268 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Singapore will cost around CAD 554 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Singapore are good for families? Many families visiting Singapore loved staying at hovoh homes Bugis Rochor, Garden Pod at Gardens by the Bay and The Barracks Hotel Sentosa by Far East Hospitality. What are the best hotels in Singapore near Marina Bay Sands Casino? Some of the best hotels in Singapore near Marina Bay Sands Casino include Marina Bay Sands, The Ritz-Carlton, Millenia Singapore and The Fullerton Bay Hotel Singapore. What are the best hotels in Singapore near Changi Airport? Travellers who stayed in Singapore near Changi Airport (SIN) have said good things about Crowne Plaza Changi Airport, an IHG Hotel, Capri by Fraser Changi City, Singapore and Dusit Thani Laguna Singapore. What are the best hotels to stay in Singapore? Marina Bay Sands, Four Seasons Hotel Singapore and The Ritz-Carlton, Millenia Singapore are some of the popular hotels in Singapore. What hotels in Singapore offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Singapore that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try hovoh homes Bugis Rochor, Raffles Singapore and Capella Singapore. What hotels in Singapore are good for couples? These hotels in Singapore are highly rated by couples: Mandarin Oriental, Singapore, Garden Pod at Gardens by the Bay and Aloft Singapore Novena. What hotels in Singapore have nice views? Garden Pod at Gardens by the Bay, The Ritz-Carlton, Millenia Singapore and The Fullerton Bay Hotel Singapore have received great reviews from travellers in Singapore regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Asia in a Compact Package Clean, compact and compelling, Singapore seamlessly combines the best of Asia. Different cultures and cuisines live side by side, whilst maintaining their own identity. Behind the bright lights of Chinatown is great value dim sum, while Little India is a sensation for the senses. Wander past the pastel-painted facades of Malay-dominated Geylang Seari for a taste of days gone by, then stop off at the Colonial-style Raffles Hotel, birthplace of the Singapore Sling cocktail. For a retreat from the hustle and bustle, take the cable car to the sandy beaches of Sentosa, an island just south of the city centre. Also here is Universal Studios Singapore, a theme park brimming with the magic of the movies. As you’d expect from the host of the world’s only Formula 1 night race, once night falls, Singapore is still very much alive. Its Night Safari is a zoo offering the rare chance to see nocturnal animals going about their business. Although small enough to see on foot, Singapore has an efficient public transport system which extends as far as Singapore Changi Airport. With a choice of Singapore accommodation ranging from budget hostels to luxury hotels, Booking.com is bound to have the right choice for your holiday. Learn more about visiting Singapore 107 attractions 143 points of interest 44 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Singapore City trip 49,766 reviews Forests 495 reviews Deserts & safari 664 reviews Casinos 205 reviews Family-friendly 4,756 reviews Theme Parks 1,657 reviews What guests said about Singapore: 8.0 Our favourite places were the Aquarium and the Botanical... Our favourite places were the Aquarium and the Botanical gardens. The cable car to Sentosa was also ok, althought no point going up to Mount Faber - nothing to do up there and not high enough for really good views. We were not so impressed with the Gardens by the Bay and thought this was overpriced. Mark United Kingdom 4.0 We had an awkward 21 hour layover travelling from Melbourne... We had an awkward 21 hour layover travelling from Melbourne to Athens with Scoot via Singapore. Arriving in the middle of the night means the timing is all wrong for hotels. It was end of November and so I was surprised at how expensive the hotels were, and how little choice was available within easy reach of the airport. Next time we will take more care with the timing and book hotel before flight to make sure it works for us. Norman Bay Australia 10 Perhaps the most fascinating city / country that I have... Perhaps the most fascinating city / country that I have visited. Clean, safe, prosperous, great transit system, many ethnicities / religions / foods. Singapore is an experiment in real time. Extremely regulated with powerful central government, but not corrupt (yet) & promoting business & innovation. It will be interesting to see how the future unfolds for Singapore. Dennis United States 10 Visited various shopping complexes. Visited various shopping complexes. Travel by MRT was very interesting. Transport fee is reasonable. The MRT always connect to the normal bus service is very good mechanism. The MRT and bus services very good and very easy to find any location when we travel by both common transport systems. The East Cost park visit was very interesting. Pothmulla Singapore 10 We have been to Singapore 5 or 6 times. each time there is... We have been to Singapore 5 or 6 times. each time there is always something new or improved to explore. there is so much to see and do for nearly all people - amusement and water parks, cultural things like museums, local history, botanical gardens, zoos and an amazing new bird park called Bird Paradise. if you want a beachy type holiday, check out Sentosa. If you want more urban with access to shopping, the mainland is the best option. Be prepared to walk lots! Make use of the MRT system to get around. Traffic congestion is heavy, and taxis are therfore a slower option a lot of the time. Taxis arent always available, so you should also register for Grab ride share when you get there. Scott Australia 10 This was my first time in Singapore and unfortunately I... This was my first time in Singapore and unfortunately I didn't have much time because this stay was related to my work, but I had a lot of fun visiting places like Little India and Arab Street. Hindu temples, Buddhist temples, mosques, etc. were built next to each other, which made me very happy as I am interested in architectural art. There are also many local restaurants where I could eat in reasonable prices. I would like to visit Singapore again; next time will be longer. Rie Bangladesh Explore guest reviews of hotels in Singapore See all The Clan Hotel Singapore by Far East Hospitality Singapore From CAD 364.66 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 2,592 reviews The sunset from the swimming pool on the top floor is amazing. Nice view, great location, very clean room. This area is perfect, very close to most tourist attractions, very safe location. The hotel staff is great, don't miss the tea ceremony. The coffee and tea in the room was very nice and good taste. Complimentary juices and water in the room freeze are also very welcome. It's a great hotel in an excellent location, I would definitively stay here again if I'm back in Singapore. Fabian United States JXIN HOTEL 嘉鑫酒店 Singapore 7.0 Good · 47 reviews Simple hotel in red light district. Bad comfy - room is small but that is cheapest place in Singapore. So for cheapest that is quite good. Toilet is clean and small - but also acceptable. Very good staff (funny, helpful, smart - many 4* hotels wish to have such service). It sounds funny but it was the best natural people in the hotels in Signapore ....for long time! Many good foody places around, small grocery across the road. Bus stops 5min walk. Lord Maciej Ryczko Poland Heritage Collection on Chinatown - A Digital Hotel Chinatown, Singapore 8.8 Fabulous · 384 reviews The staff was very friendly and helpful. Also after (early) checkout we could go back in because of some unforeseen circumstances. The location is great in the lively Chinatown, but still was quiet at night. The communication was good and they helped us with our requests. Singapore is generally more on the expensive side, but I think this relatively cheap compared to similar hotels. Bas Netherlands K2 Guesthouse Central Singapore 6.3 Pleasant · 180 reviews The worst hotel in the world no one should stay there very very poor hotel reception no one can ask anything. This hotel does not have any facilities, it can only be used for sleeping, if you look at everything, it is very small, but there is no facility, bad for money. The experience of staying in this hotel made me hate Singapore and I left the next day and came to Chennai. T.r.senthil India Swissotel The Stamford City Hall, Singapore From CAD 388.08 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 2,540 reviews Amazing view of the civic district and the Singapore strait in the distance. Very spacious room with all the amenities required. Good food choices for breakfast. Extremely close to Suntec City Convention Centre and really reasonable price for three nights compared to all the other hotels around the area. Lakeisha Singapore Santa Grand Hotel East Coast Katong, Singapore From CAD 387.78 per night 8.0 Very good · 532 reviews Good location, and decent price (for Singapore)for a clean room with all facilities needed, including an ironing board which usually has to be ordered from housekeeping in most hotels in this price range. A special thank you to the female receptionist who was extremely helpful and professional. Lance Germany Grand Copthorne Waterfront Robertson Quay, Singapore From CAD 261.84 per night 7.4 Good · 2,130 reviews Comfortable room, friendly staff, easy access to subway. The place had enough lifts, uncommon in high rise hotels in my opinion! Location by the Singapore River is a buit inconvenient for Orchard Road and the CBD, but great for a morning wealk. Davi\d Australia Amara Singapore Singapore From CAD 302.68 per night 7.1 Good · 1,484 reviews Very nice and spacious 2 rooms unit. The front office and concierge personnel were very courteous and helpful. Great location, not too congested area and very convenient for some groceries and food court right across the hotel 👍 cuegolf Thailand Hotel Indigo Singapore Katong, an IHG Hotel Katong, Singapore From CAD 250.13 per night 9.0 Superb · 554 reviews Front office lady is super nice and helpful, we arrived at hotel around 8:00 AM from 13 hours flight with no sleep at all, checking in usually at 1 PM, she offer us room at minimal charges, of course we grab it, tks. susanto Indonesia D'Resort @ Downtown East Singapore From CAD 205.28 per night 7.7 Good · 2,119 reviews Very convenient , close to Changi Airport, easy to get to the hotel with public transportation. Front Office staff was very nice and provided all information, Our family love this hotel. ฺBongkot Thailand Holiday Inn Express Singapore Katong, an IHG Hotel Katong, Singapore From CAD 214.40 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,218 reviews everything worked and the rooms were decent for the price I paid, comparing it to other hotels in Singapore. the location is good, close to shopping centers and restaurants and cafes. Michael Majeed Ghana The Snooze Hotel Marine Parade Singapore From CAD 122.05 per night 6.0 Pleasant · 951 reviews Price is relatively cheaper than typical hotels in Singapore, location is good near Katong area where you can find a lot of good foods, the staffs have been quite kind and helpful too. Benny Singapore Citadines Fusionopolis Singapore Singapore 8.4 Very good · 416 reviews spacious and the fact that they had two lavatories. Anddd…. they had MIO tv channel which was rare in most hotels in Singapore!! that was the main reason I return!! CHUI-YI Singapore Hotel Classic by Venue Singapore From CAD 110.23 per night 7.9 Good · 1,194 reviews The room is tiny, but just like most of the hotels in Singapore. We had a good sleep, as the bed and linens were clean and comfortable. AC was really good. erlina_cico Germany Village Hotel Katong by Far East Hospitality Katong, Singapore From CAD 248.39 per night 8.3 Very good · 1,726 reviews Good spot for one night in Singapore due to location between the city and the airport. Very clean and fairly priced compared to most hotels in the area. Matthew United Kingdom PARKROYAL COLLECTION Marina Bay, Singapore Marina Bay, Singapore From CAD 643.19 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 4,186 reviews Super comfortable, beautiful place to stay during your visit to Singapore. Personnel is very welcoming. Hotel is green inside. Iuliia United Arab Emirates JEN Singapore Orchardgateway by Shangri-La Orchard, Singapore From CAD 347.12 per night 8.5 Very good · 3,954 reviews One of the best hotels in Singapore. Extremely cooperative staff and for kids the Jeno Robot server was a unique experience anuj India Dusit Thani Laguna Singapore Singapore From CAD 384.35 per night 8.4 Very good · 2,060 reviews Feel abit different from the usual hotels in town. can explore if you are looking for that ‘out of Singapore’ experience. Yvonne Singapore Amrise Hotel Kitchener, Check In 9PM, Check Out 8AM Lavender, Singapore From CAD 110.32 per night 6.7 Pleasant · 19 reviews Only took the motel because I came in late to Singapore and did know where to stay, selected the hotel from Booking.com. Morgan Australia Beary Best! Hostel Chinatown Chinatown, Singapore From CAD 126.62 per night 7.7 Good · 675 reviews Budget hotels in singapore Upper cross street road Chinatown area are affordable J James Japan Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Legoland Malaysia Search and compare hotels close to Legoland Malaysia, a popular destination just outside Singapore. Hotels near JB City Square Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Car hire in Singapore Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels in Sentosa Island Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Orchard Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Things to do in Singapore How will you spend your time in the city? Visit Singapore From attractions to accommodation, everything you need to know about staying in the city. Hotels near Marina Bay Sands Casino Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Hotels near Bugis MRT Station Perfect for local transport links. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Singapore Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1870380,1870380|3,1847760,1866460,1847760|3,1870380|7,1846890,1871440