The 10 best hotels in Birmingham, West Midlands - Cheap Birmingham hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Birmingham Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Birmingham hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom West Midlands Birmingham Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Birmingham – 1,611 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ibis budget Birmingham Centre 2 stars Hotel in Birmingham City Centre, Birmingham Located in the centre of Birmingham, 600 metres from Hippodrome Theatre, ibis budget Birmingham Centre provides air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. Samantha Netherlands I love that's is very very near city center with bus and also by walking is near aswel Show more Show less 6.7 Review score 10,877 reviews Price from CAD 67 per night Check availability Radisson Blu Hotel, Birmingham 4 stars Hotel in Birmingham Shopping District, Birmingham This modern 4-star hotel is 500 metres from Birmingham New Street Rail Station and the Bullring shopping centre. It has stylish, air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi and a gym. Claire United Kingdom Perfect location for train, car park within 3 mins walk. Clean, comfy and perfect stay for visiting the Hippodrome. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 5,563 reviews Price from CAD 145 per night Check availability OYO Adnans Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Birmingham Situated in Birmingham, within 3.9 km of National Motorcycle Museum and 5 km of NEC Birmingham, OYO Adnans Hotel features accommodation with a restaurant and free WiFi as well as free private parking... Paul Clenton United Kingdom Less than half the price of local competitors and very comfortable. Just what I needed. Show more Show less 6.5 Review score 150 reviews Price from CAD 51 per night Check availability The Grand Hotel Birmingham 5 stars Hotel in Business District, Birmingham Attractively set in Birmingham, The Grand Hotel Birmingham features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a terrace. This 5-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Weikai Singapore grand old building right smack in the middle of the city centre. totally renovated recently. rooms are modern and clean. bed is firm and large. toilet is huge! Great value for money. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 3,745 reviews Price from CAD 260 per night Check availability The High Field Town House Hotel in Edgbaston, Birmingham Set in Birmingham and with Broad Street reachable within 1.3 km, The High Field Town House offers express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a garden, free WiFi throughout the property and a... Karen United States The rooms were comfortable, decorated nicely, and had everything needed to make our stay enjoyable. Breakfast was next door in a beautiful restaurant and was delicious. Show more Show less 9 Superb 772 reviews Price from CAD 203 per night Check availability Aloft Birmingham Eastside 4 stars Hotel in Eastside, Birmingham Aloft Birmingham Eastside has a fitness centre, shared lounge, a restaurant and bar in Birmingham. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage space and free WiFi. Petia Bulgaria The hotel is a 10-minute walk from the center. Modern, clean, with spacious rooms and complimentary to the guests. I recommend the breakfast, very good quality of food. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 3,442 reviews Price from CAD 121 per night Check availability Edgbaston Park Hotel Birmingham 4 stars Hotel in Edgbaston, Birmingham Located in Birmingham, 300 metres from Winterbourne House and Garden, Edgbaston Park Hotel Birmingham provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Valerie Bermuda the food from the kitchen was ok ! at lunch time; Manu could be up dated and put pizza on there.! Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 4,291 reviews Price from CAD 152 per night Check availability Holiday Inn Express - Birmingham - City Centre, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in The Westside, Birmingham Holiday Inn Express - Birmingham - City Centre provides free WiFi and rooms with air conditioning in Birmingham. Among the various facilities are a shared lounge and a bar. Mark United Kingdom Everything was clean tidy and great on arrival. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 8,297 reviews Price from CAD 105 per night Check availability Saint Pauls House 4 stars Hotel in Jewellery Quarter, Birmingham Saint Pauls House offers accommodation in Birmingham. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Private parking is available on site for an additional charge. Paul United Kingdom Great location, friendly staff, clean & comfortable Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 1,594 reviews Price from CAD 138 per night Check availability Park Regis Birmingham 4 stars Hotel in Birmingham City Centre, Birmingham Park Regis Birmingham 4-star hotel is the tallest addition to Birmingham’s skyline, offering 253 guest rooms and suites with a boutique feel for all guests to enjoy. Bin Hebah Alameri United Arab Emirates It was a phenomenal experience; the room was spacious and comfortable, and it was the biggest in the entire nation. Mr. Bahman, in particular, provided exceptional service; whenever he spotted the guest, he greeted Marta, the receptionist, and inquired whether there was anything else he could do to make my stay more enjoyable. I am speechless; this marvelous hotel delivers on every request; what distinguishes it is its service and the positive attitude of the staff; they consistently smiled as if I were Amelia. I would strongly advise anyone seeking a Hotel Park Regis to make it their primary selection. Show more Show less 8 Very good 4,731 reviews Price from CAD 144 per night Check availability See all 209 hotels in Birmingham Cheapest time to stay in Birmingham In January you can stay in Birmingham for an average price of CA$132 per night CA$244CA$196CA$147CA$98CA$49CA$0 CA$132 Jan CA$139 Feb CA$164 Mar CA$153 Apr CA$158 May CA$188 Jun CA$154 Jul CA$133 Aug CA$170 Sep CA$167 Oct CA$187 Nov CA$162 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Birmingham in the past month See all ibis budget Birmingham Centre Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 6.7 Pleasant · 10,877 reviews Leonardo Royal Hotel Birmingham - formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 8.6 Fabulous · 7,590 reviews Malmaison Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 8.2 Very good · 4,129 reviews Hyatt Regency Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 7.8 Good · 6,734 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel, Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 8.1 Very good · 5,563 reviews Hampton by Hilton Birmingham Broad Street Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 7.8 Good · 8,720 reviews Holiday Inn Express - Birmingham - City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 8.4 Very good · 8,296 reviews Holiday Inn Express Birmingham - Snow Hill, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 7.6 Good · 5,317 reviews Park Regis Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 8.0 Very good · 4,730 reviews pentahotel Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Popular with guests booking hotels in Birmingham 7.5 Good · 4,293 reviews Birmingham's best hotels with breakfast See all Hilton Garden Inn Birmingham Brindley Place Hotel in Birmingham Breakfast options With a prestigious location at Brindley Place, just off Broad Street, the 4-star Hilton Garden Inn Birmingham offers complimentary WiFi throughout. Excellent location. Clean room. Excellent breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 158.64 8.0 Very good · 4,423 reviews Malmaison Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Breakfast options The chic Malmaison Birmingham offers elegant rooms with free Wi-Fi, within the upmarket Mailbox development. It has a health spa, a restaurant, and a bar with a wine tasting room. The room was beautiful and close to the hippodrome. Avg. price/night: CAD 162.22 8.2 Very good · 4,129 reviews The Aston Tavern Hotel in Birmingham Breakfast options The Aston Tavern offers 17 bedrooms in a Victorian venue, located just outside of Birmingham city centre. Beautiful boutique hotel the attention to o detail inside was amazing Avg. price/night: CAD 465.46 8.8 Fabulous · 236 reviews Delta Hotels by Marriott Birmingham Hotel in Edgbaston, Birmingham Breakfast options Set in the heart of Birmingham's commercial district, Delta Hotels by Marriott Birmingham offers stylish 4-star accommodation, close to the ICC. Very clean & comfortable, staff were brilliant Avg. price/night: CAD 160.51 8.1 Very good · 191 reviews Holiday Inn Express Birmingham - Snow Hill, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Birmingham Breakfast options Situated in the heart of Birmingham, the Holiday Inn Express Birmingham - Snow Hill offers an onsite bar restaurant and free Wi-Fi throughout. Room was very good. However,the AC didn't work well. Avg. price/night: CAD 118.66 7.6 Good · 5,317 reviews Hampton by Hilton Birmingham Jewellery Quarter Hotel in Birmingham Breakfast options Situated in the Jewellery Quarter, close to St Paul's Tram Station and 10 minutes’ walk from Birmingham city centre, Hampton by Hilton Birmingham Jewellery Quarter features an on-site fitness centre,... Staff were so friendly. Rooms were clean. Good breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 93.32 7.7 Good · 2,886 reviews Hampton by Hilton Birmingham Broad Street Hotel in Birmingham Breakfast options Situated within a 5 minutes’ walk from Birmingham city centre, Hampton by Hilton Birmingham Broad Street features secure car parking, free WiFi and on-site dining. Close to everything , easy check in and check out, clean Avg. price/night: CAD 138.62 7.8 Good · 8,720 reviews Royal George Hotel Hotel in Birmingham Breakfast options Located less than 10 minutes’ drive from Birmingham city centre, the Royal George Hotel offers free private parking. Friendly helpful staff. Location close to city centre. Avg. price/night: CAD 93.92 6.1 Pleasant · 1,391 reviews Budget hotels in Birmingham See all Bloc Hotel Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Budget Hotel Offering ultra-modern décor, the BLOC Hotel’s rooms are inspired by Japanese space-saving design. Parking free & right outside Staff were helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 106.04 8.2 Very good · 4,910 reviews Leonardo Royal Hotel Birmingham - formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Birmingham Budget Hotel Leonardo Royal Hotel Birmingham, formerly Jurys Inn, is within 150 metres of the International Convention Centre and the Arena Birmingham. Great location and fantastic service! Very clean x Avg. price/night: CAD 158.29 8.6 Fabulous · 7,590 reviews AC Hotel by Marriott Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Budget Hotel Please note, from the 5th of September for approximately 14 weeks the hotel will be having major works conducted on one of the guest lifts. Late check out midday! Love that. Location is great too Avg. price/night: CAD 177.59 8.5 Very good · 2,337 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel, Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Budget Hotel This modern 4-star hotel is 500 metres from Birmingham New Street Rail Station and the Bullring shopping centre. It has stylish, air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi and a gym. Room and view was amazing and well worth the stay . Avg. price/night: CAD 160.51 8.1 Very good · 5,563 reviews The Wellington Hotel Birmingham - Breakfast Included City Centre Near O2 Academy Hotel in Gay Village Birmingham, Birmingham Budget Hotel The Wellington Hotel Birmingham - Breakfast Included City Centre Near O2 Academy has a garden, shared lounge, a terrace and bar in Birmingham. Clean and spacious room, comfortable bed. very good toilet Avg. price/night: CAD 102.46 7.5 Good · 1,083 reviews The Station Inn Hotel in Birmingham Budget Hotel Set in Birmingham, 4.2 km from National Motorcycle Museum, The Station Inn offers accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Convenient for Birmingham Airport. Staff helpful and polite. Avg. price/night: CAD 93.92 6.5 Pleasant · 1,897 reviews The Aston Inn Hotel in Birmingham Budget Hotel Set in Birmingham, less than 1 km from Villa Park, The Aston Inn offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. Staff were great. Room was clean and ok for the night. Avg. price/night: CAD 93.92 7.4 Good · 1,987 reviews The Bournbrook Inn Hotel in Birmingham Budget Hotel Set in Birmingham, 1.5 km from Cadbury World, The Bournbrook Inn offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. staff were great. Late access and late bar was fab. Avg. price/night: CAD 105.44 7.6 Good · 3,418 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Birmingham See all The Grand Hotel Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham Central location Attractively set in Birmingham, The Grand Hotel Birmingham features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a terrace. This 5-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Beautiful hotel, with all the grandeur promised 10/10 Avg. price/night: CAD 321.20 9.2 Superb · 3,745 reviews Edgbaston House Hotel in Edgbaston, Birmingham Central location Located in Birmingham, within 1.3 km of Broad Street and 1.4 km of Brindleyplace, Edgbaston House provides accommodation with a garden and free WiFi throughout the property as well as free private... Room was excellent, well designed and great features. Avg. price/night: CAD 196.37 8.6 Fabulous · 619 reviews Tri-Star Hotel Hotel in Birmingham Central location Situated 3.9 km from NEC Birmingham, Tri-Star Hotel offers 3-star accommodation in Birmingham and has a shared lounge, a restaurant and a bar. Great position. Clean and comfortable. Really friendly helpful staff Avg. price/night: CAD 220.28 8.6 Fabulous · 307 reviews Holiday Inn Express - Birmingham - City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Birmingham Central location Holiday Inn Express - Birmingham - City Centre provides free WiFi and rooms with air conditioning in Birmingham. Among the various facilities are a shared lounge and a bar. Choice, cleanliness, location, friendliness of staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 122.40 8.4 Very good · 8,296 reviews Frederick Street Townhouse Hotel in Birmingham Central location Boasting a terrace, a restaurant as well as a bar, Frederick Street Townhouse is set in the centre of Birmingham, 500 metres from Museum of the Jewellery Quarter. The room was fantastic. Liked the help yourself breakfast and the one served at TBF. Avg. price/night: CAD 220.28 8.3 Very good · 876 reviews Old Farm Hotel Hotel in Birmingham Central location Boasting free parking, Old Farm Hotel offers rooms in Bournville, a 5-minute walk to Cadbury World. friendly hosts x staff. very clean. Lovely gardens. 8.3 Very good · 582 reviews Clover Spa and Hotel Hotel in Birmingham Central location Clover Spa and Hotel boasts a fully equipped European-style spa, where clothing is optional. Amazing experience,friendly staff and guests. Very welcoming. Avg. price/night: CAD 239.06 8.2 Very good · 60 reviews Crowne Plaza Birmingham City, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Birmingham Central location In a superb city centre location, this 4-star deluxe hotel boasts a fitness room, a cafe bar and a restaurant. Shopping districts and Birmingham New Street Rail Station are 0.5 miles away. Close to town centre very clean lovely spacious rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 159.66 8.0 Very good · 3,323 reviews FAQs about hotels in Birmingham How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Birmingham? On average, 3-star hotels in Birmingham cost CAD 166 per night, and 4-star hotels in Birmingham are CAD 230 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Birmingham can on average be found for CAD 203 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Birmingham for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Birmingham this weekend is CAD 209 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 319. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Birmingham for this weekend cost on average around CAD 415 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Birmingham for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 216 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Birmingham for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 366 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Birmingham will cost around CAD 613 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Birmingham are good for families? Many families visiting Birmingham loved staying at The Grand Hotel Birmingham, The High Field Town House and Staybridge Suites Birmingham, an IHG Hotel. What are the best hotels in Birmingham near Broad Street? Some of the best hotels in Birmingham near Broad Street include The Mercian Luxury Apartments Birmingham City Centre - Your Perfect Stay Apart hotels- 24 Hour Gym Rooftop Terrace Cinema Room, Luxury 9ine PENTHOUSE WITH GARDEN & JACUZZI and Modern city centre 1 bed apartment with gym access & free parking by Lets Relocations. What are the best hotels in Birmingham near Birmingham Airport? Travellers who stayed in Birmingham near Birmingham Airport (BHX) have said good things about Novotel Birmingham Airport, Hilton Garden Inn Birmingham Airport Uk and Moxy Birmingham NEC. What are the best hotels to stay in Birmingham? The Grand Hotel Birmingham, The High Field Town House and Staybridge Suites Birmingham, an IHG Hotel are some of the popular hotels in Birmingham. What hotels in Birmingham offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Birmingham that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Edgbaston House, Tri-Star Hotel and The High Field Town House. What hotels in Birmingham are good for couples? These hotels in Birmingham are highly rated by couples: The Grand Hotel Birmingham, The High Field Town House and Tri-Star Hotel. What hotels in Birmingham have nice views? Radisson Blu Hotel, Birmingham, Old Farm Hotel and The Grand Hotel Birmingham have received great reviews from travellers in Birmingham regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Top-Class Shopping, Culture and Sport The UK's 2nd largest city, Birmingham is one of its top cultural centres. Well-known for the M6 Spaghetti Junction interchange, it is a surprisingly green city with lots of open spaces. Most city centre hotels in Birmingham are near New Street Station. To the east is the futuristic architecture of the new Bull Ring shopping centre, and just behind is Digbeth Coach Station. To the west is Victoria Square, home of the town hall and a German Christmas Market. The Mailbox is one of the newest additions to the Birmingham shopping scene, and behind it is one of the canals converging on the Gas Street Basin. By one canal are the ICC (International Convention Centre) and the NIA (National Indoor Arena), both venues that host major events. Just opposite is Brindleyplace, a canal-front complex of restaurants, bars and hotels near Broad Street – the main nightlife area. It is popular with students at nearby Birmingham University, whose clock tower is modelled on the one in Siena. Just south in Bournville is Cadbury World, and there are several hotels on Hagley Road to the north, which are available on Booking.com. The city is also known for sports – Aston Villa and Birmingham City are the top football clubs, while Edgbaston Cricket Ground hosts international matches. Other Birmingham attractions include Hockley’s Jewellery Quarter and the NEC arena by Birmingham International Airport. Learn more about visiting Birmingham 24 attractions 51 points of interest 13 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Birmingham City trip 22,087 reviews Food trip 12,822 reviews Road trip 283 reviews Romantic 5,487 reviews Family-friendly 773 reviews Shopping 11,104 reviews What guests said about Birmingham: 10 Found the car park difficult to find. Found the car park difficult to find. The hotel was in a brilliant location. Shower was lovely & hot. Rooms were compact, but had everything you needed. We had a very quiet & comfortable night sleep. Complimentary breakfast was lovely. Would definitely recommend it, & would go back. Value for money. 4.0 Its was in a good location however we tried to call the... Its was in a good location however we tried to call the hotel as we found it difficult to get to as roads were closed. I’ve got to be honest it was the the worst nights sleep I’ve ever had The staff were unhelpful due to what they told me that they were under staffed. Location great parking not so great breakfast great but definitely not worth the money. Barry United Kingdom 8.0 Nice, good shops near by, Nice, good shops near by, You don't feel safe walking the streets, I don't know how I would have coped if I were alone. Overall the area is nice, I was born in a town just north, But unfortunately the people that live there are the ones to ruin it. The bullring is great for shopping, and the New Street station has some Lush food stalls/restaurants there! My favourite was Yo!Sushi!!! Everything is walking distance in Birmingham, there are very little hills and it's easy to get round. Lots of taxis and Busses, and even Rent-Bikes around to get to further destinations! The Christmas Market is so so cute and worth the journey, it started in November and ends in the end of December! Definitely worth checking out! At the moment I would avoid the trains where possible, as its a disaster for Cancellations every day! Emily 4.0 Birmingham has some lovely things about it: friendly people,... Birmingham has some lovely things about it: friendly people, good bars and restaurants, architecture and shopping, but overall, I don’t like the place. The main reason is just the sheer volume of traffic causing congestion and pollution resulting in less space for people to walk around. Ken United Kingdom 8.0 we only had one full day in Birmingham and spent it at the... we only had one full day in Birmingham and spent it at the Black Country Living Museum which I highly recommend. We took an Uber there as it is not on direct public transport lines. The railway station was excellent with many restaurants and shops. Trudi France 8.0 Birmingham was a nice place but are hotel was to far as my... Birmingham was a nice place but are hotel was to far as my mother can’t walk to far so if we we’re going into the town we had to get the bus, some of the people were very rude they would see my mother trying to get on the bus or to go into a shop and people would push past her while she has her walking stick to try help her walk. Pauline Ireland Explore guest reviews of hotels in Birmingham See all ibis budget Birmingham Centre Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 67 per night 6.7 Review score 10,877 reviews We landed at Birmingham airport at 2am and arrived at the hotel at around 3am. There was a 24 hour reception so this was no problem. The room was exactly what we needed - somewhere to sleep that was clean and convenient. It was about a 15 min drive from the airport but was a fraction of the cost of the airport hotels. Parking was £8 for 24 hours but as we arrived in the early hours, it meant we could go into Birmingham in the morning as the car was safely parked and paid for. Show more Show less NJ83 United Kingdom Hotel du Vin Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 152 per night 8.2 Very good 1,787 reviews Our room was very clean and comfortable which made for a great nights sleep, everything we needed in the room for a short stay. The location is very central and perfect for Birmingham city centre, discounted secure parking available a short walk away from the hotel which was ideal or very close to Snow Hill station if arriving by train! We also enjoyed some drinks and great service in the bar which were excellent! Show more Show less Gareth United Kingdom The Station Inn Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 85 per night 6.5 Review score 1,897 reviews When I booked other hotels in Birmingham were charging 3 or 4 times more for a twin room. The Station Inn was clean and exactly what I wanted for a single night's stay. The staff were both friendly and helpful, and the fried breakfast served in the bar was exactly what was needed after a night out. It was also very easy to travel into Birmingham City centre from the nearby station. Show more Show less Jim United Kingdom Birmingham Strathallan Hotel, BW Signature Collection Hotel in Edgbaston, Birmingham From CAD 91 per night 6.9 Review score 3,105 reviews Breakfast was very good, selection and quality . Staff were excellent, good advice on traveling using public transport to get in and out of the city centre. really appreciated being able to leave the car in the hotel whilst we went to the open day at Birmingham University. Show more Show less David United Kingdom Hyatt Regency Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 186 per night 7.8 Good 6,734 reviews The hotel is well-positioned, not far from the city centre. We got a very nice, clean and spacious room, with a nice view over Birmingham and with a good size bathroom. The Hotel and SPA staff was nice and friendly. The SPA treatment was also really good. Show more Show less Simone United Kingdom Hampton by Hilton Birmingham Broad Street Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 94 per night 7.8 Good 8,723 reviews we were visiting birmingham while the jazz festival was on, they had live music in the hotel as part of the festival which was great. Great acces to the night life and the area around the canals. Good breakfast with lots of choice. Really enjoyed our visit Show more Show less Keys United Kingdom ibis Styles Birmingham Centre Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 100 per night 8.3 Very good 5,223 reviews The room was a good size, comfortable and the shower was very good! The breakfast was okay but quite basic. The location of the Hotel is perfect for exploring Birmingham and a short walk to the city centre. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Show more Show less James Sanders United Kingdom Holiday Inn Express - Birmingham - City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 105 per night 8.4 Very good 8,297 reviews Perfect location for Birmingham city centre and grand Central Station. Clean hotel in all areas. Friendly staff who even took the time to speak with my daughter too, breakfast selection was amazing and all fresh. Show more Show less joshua United Kingdom Clayton Hotel Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 154 per night 8.4 Very good 5,079 reviews Had a great stay at the Clayton Hotel. The room was great and spacious. The beds were very comfortable and the breakfast was excellent. Would definitely stay again when returning to Birmingham. Show more Show less C United Kingdom Hagley Hotel Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 68 per night 5.6 Review score 1,017 reviews The location was good not to far from the city centre. Decent hotel you get what you pay for really . Our room was nice and big. Would stop there again if we’re in Birmingham again Show more Show less Tanisha United Kingdom Holiday Inn Birmingham City, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 121 per night 7.8 Good 6,243 reviews One of my best hotels in Birmingham when I travel for work. Always stay here and have stayed for 3 times already now. Food, Location, Price, and Comfort- all top notch. Show more Show less Gurashish United Kingdom Ladywell House Suites - Chinatown - Self Check-in Birmingham From CAD 154 per night 7.5 Good 1,214 reviews Simple location, no real hassle. Location is really good for a weekend in Birmingham and the rooms are clean and really well kept. Rooms are actually soundproof also. Show more Show less Samuel United Kingdom Saint Pauls House Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 138 per night 8.1 Very good 1,594 reviews great location in the jewellery quarter of Birmingham. Didn’t feel like a city centre hotel at all. lots of nice little touches too inc a hot water bottle !! Show more Show less Margaret United Kingdom Radisson Blu Hotel, Birmingham Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 145 per night 8.1 Very good 5,563 reviews The suite was lovely and the breakfast was nice. The hotel is in the centre of Birmingham with the shops close by. Show more Show less Joanne United Kingdom Birmingham Central Backpackers Birmingham From CAD 34 per night 7.6 Good 2,546 reviews I loved that we can actually make our own meals unlike other hotels and breakfast is provided . Show more Show less Lilian United Kingdom Novotel Birmingham Centre Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 115 per night 7.9 Good 2,185 reviews Very nice hotel at the heart of birmingham, recently refurbished bar, nice decent rooms Show more Show less YUSUF KUTLUHAN Turkey The Briar Rose Wetherspoon Hotel in Birmingham From CAD 96 per night 7.9 Good 4,092 reviews The hotel location was very good, right in the city centre of Birmingham. Show more Show less Ka Mei Hong Kong Aparthotel Adagio Birmingham City Centre Birmingham From CAD 108 per night 8.8 Fabulous 4,014 reviews Perfect hotel with friendly staff and central location Show more Show less Keith Ireland Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near NEC Birmingham Search and compare hotels close to NEC Birmingham, a popular destination just outside Birmingham. Hotels near Resorts World Arena Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels in London Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels in Edinburgh Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels in the United Kingdom Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Flights to Birmingham Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hotels near Birmingham New Street Book a hotel close to Birmingham New Street, perfect for easy access to local transport links. Budget Hotels in Birmingham More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels with Parking in Birmingham More great accommodation options for your trip. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Birmingham Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|3,1847760,1846890,1871440,1847760|3,1866460,1870380,1870380|7,1833870