The 10 best hotels close to State Park in Manchester, United States Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels near State Park, Manchester Enter your dates and choose from 41 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United States Manchester State Park Featured hotels near State Park Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Residence Inn by Marriott Manchester Downtown Hotel in Manchester (2.6 km from State Park) Residence Inn by Marriott Manchester Downtown is located in Manchester, 6 km from Mall of New Hampshire and 24 km from Robert Frost Farm. Show more Show less 9 Superb 194 reviews Price from CAD 182 per night Check availability Tru By Hilton Manchester Downtown Hotel in Manchester (2.3 km from State Park) Located in Manchester and with Mall of New Hampshire reachable within 6.8 km, Tru By Hilton Manchester Downtown provides a fitness centre, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi and a shared lounge. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 494 reviews Price from CAD 160 per night Check availability DoubleTree by Hilton Manchester Downtown Hotel in Manchester (2.6 km from State Park) This downtown hotel is located across from the SNHU Arena and just 5 miles to the Manchester Boston Regional Airport. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 1,043 reviews Price from CAD 171 per night Check availability Fairfield Inn & Suites Hooksett Hotel in Manchester (2.2 km from State Park) This hotel, situated in Hooksett, a 5-minute drive from downtown Manchester, offers a well-equipped fitness center and an indoor swimming pool. Guestrooms are air-conditioned and have cable TV. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 111 reviews Price from CAD 147 per night Check availability La Quinta by Wyndham Manchester Hotel in Manchester (2.2 km from State Park) Close to Interstate 293, this Manchester hotel offers free Wi-Fi and rooms equipped with plush bedding along with a microwave and a refrigerator. Show more Show less 7.7 Good 1,321 reviews Price from CAD 142 per night Check availability Hilton Garden Inn Manchester Downtown Hotel in Manchester (3.3 km from State Park) Located in Manchester’s historic Millyard District, this hotel is within walking distance of the Verizon Wireless Arena. It features an indoor pool and free shuttle services within a 8 km radius. Show more Show less 7.8 Good 222 reviews Price from CAD 154 per night Check availability See more properties near State Park Top 10 trending hotels near State Park Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Comfort Inn Airport Manchester 3 stars Hotel in Manchester #1 Booked hotel near State Park 7.3 Good 285 reviews Best Western PLUS Executive Court Inn & Conference Center 3 stars Hotel in Manchester #2 Booked hotel near State Park 8.1 Very good 948 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Manchester Downtown 4 stars Hotel in Manchester #3 Booked hotel near State Park 8.4 Very good 1,043 reviews Holiday Inn Concord Downtown, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Concord #4 Booked hotel near State Park 8.1 Very good 304 reviews Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Manchester Airport, NH 3 stars Hotel in Bedford #5 Booked hotel near State Park 7.8 Good 1,059 reviews La Quinta by Wyndham Manchester 3 stars Hotel in Manchester #6 Booked hotel near State Park 7.7 Good 1,321 reviews Econo Lodge Manchester 3 stars Hotel in Manchester #7 Booked hotel near State Park 6.0 Review score 342 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Manchester Airport 2 stars Hotel in Manchester #8 Booked hotel near State Park 5.8 Review score 763 reviews Extended Stay America Suites - Nashua - Manchester 2 stars Hotel in Nashua #9 Booked hotel near State Park 7.0 Good 151 reviews Tru By Hilton Manchester Downtown 2 stars Hotel in Manchester #10 Booked hotel near State Park 8.6 Fabulous 495 reviews See more hotels near State Park Comfort Inn Airport Manchester 3 stars Hotel in Manchester #1 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 7.3 Good 285 reviews The Centennial Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Concord #2 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 8.4 Very good 220 reviews Best Western PLUS Executive Court Inn & Conference Center 3 stars Hotel in Manchester #3 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 8.1 Very good 948 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Manchester Downtown 4 stars Hotel in Manchester #4 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 8.4 Very good 1,043 reviews Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Manchester Airport, NH 3 stars Hotel in Bedford #5 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 7.8 Good 1,059 reviews SpringHill Suites Manchester-Boston Regional Airport 3 stars Hotel in Manchester #6 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 8.2 Very good 375 reviews Hampton Inn by Hilton Concord/Bow 3 stars Hotel in Concord #7 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 7.9 Good 528 reviews Sleep Inn Londonderry 3 stars Hotel in Londonderry #8 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 8.1 Very good 377 reviews EVEN Hotel Manchester Airport, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Manchester #9 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 8.1 Very good 298 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Manchester Airport 2 stars Hotel in Manchester #10 Wish-listed hotel near State Park 5.8 Review score 763 reviews See more hotels near State Park Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near State Park See all The Hotel Concord Hotel in Concord Breakfast options Situated in Concord and with Mall of New Hampshire reachable within 34 km, The Hotel Concord features concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi throughout the property and a... The accommodation, service and location were excellent. Show more Show less From CAD 266 per night 9.2 Superb 152 reviews Sleep Inn Londonderry Hotel in Londonderry Breakfast options The Sleep Inn Manchester Airport hotel offers free transportation to the nearby Manchester-Boston Regional Airport. Be sure to visit many local attractions in the area. Everything was excellent - except for the hot tub that didn't bubble (but the water felt great... Show more Show less From CAD 114 per night 8.1 Very good 377 reviews Tru By Hilton Concord, Nh Hotel in Concord Breakfast options Tru by Hilton Concord features free WiFi and rooms with a small refrigerator. I love love lovvvvveeeedddd the hotel,it was amazing,the hotel is soooo beautiful,so quiet,the rooms... Show more Show less From CAD 149 per night 8.9 Fabulous 280 reviews SpringHill Suites Manchester-Boston Regional Airport Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options This hotel is 5 miles from downtown Manchester and one mile from the Boston Regional Airport. The hotel offers an indoor pool and rooms with free Wi-Fi. Good breakfast variety, friendly staff, very accomdating Show more Show less From CAD 127 per night 8.2 Very good 375 reviews Holiday Inn Concord Downtown, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Concord Breakfast options Just off Interstate 93, within walking distance of historic downtown Concord, New Hampshire, this hotel offers free wireless internet access throughout the property and an on-site restaurant. everything was great, location, the room, especially Sheela at the front desk, very friendly, always... Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 8.1 Very good 304 reviews Holiday Inn Manchester Airport, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Located 2.4 km from Manchester Boston Regional Airport, this New Hampshire hotel offers free wireless internet access throughout the property. An on-site restaurant and lounge is provided. Traveled for business and took the shuttle to the airport. Show more Show less From CAD 133 per night 8.0 Very good 247 reviews Best Western PLUS Executive Court Inn & Conference Center Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Nestled amongst acres of tranquil woods, and 10-minutes from Manchester Boston Regional Airport, this hotel and conference centre features a variety of complimentary amenities as well as comfortable... My family enjoyed the complimentary breakfast it was more than enough great variety and the USA... Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 8.1 Very good 948 reviews Extended Stay America Suites - Nashua - Manchester Hotel in Nashua Breakfast options This Extended Stay America - Nashua - Manchester is located in Nashua and especially designed for longer stays, with all rooms featuring a fully equipped kitchen. Nice and quite the coffee is good and everyone that works there is always very polite and helpful! Show more Show less From CAD 124 per night 7.0 Good 151 reviews Budget hotels near State Park See all Super 8 by Wyndham Manchester Airport Hotel in Manchester Budget Hotel Super 8 by Wyndham Manchester Airport offers accommodation in Manchester. The Mall of New Hampshire is 4.2 km away. Every room has a private bathroom. A TV is offered. From start to finish. It was a great experience. Very friendly staff and great place and value. Show more Show less From CAD 101 per night 5.8 Review score 763 reviews Comfort Inn Concord Hotel in Concord Budget Hotel Located off Interstate 93 with easy access to Interstate 89, the Comfort Inn hotel in Concord is the perfect location for accommodations during your travels through New England's beautiful White... adequate parking and location Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 7.6 Good 389 reviews Quality Inn Merrimack - Nashua Hotel in Merrimack Budget Hotel Directly off Route 3, and only moments from popular attractions and Manchester-Boston Regional Airport, this hotel offers many thoughtful and modern amenities. El aseo, la atencion al huesped, diner room, coffe, breakfast Show more Show less From CAD 121 per night 6.6 Review score 446 reviews Residences at Daniel Webster Hotel in Merrimack Budget Hotel Featuring free WiFi, a seasonal outdoor pool and a children's playground, Residences at Daniel Webster offers pet-friendly accommodation in Merrimack, 700 metres from Anheuser-Busch's Brewery. We don't give many 10 ratings and this one ticked all the boxes. Show more Show less From CAD 181 per night 8.5 Very good 378 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton Manchester Bedford Hotel in Bedford Budget Hotel Moments from Manchester-Boston Regional Airport with a modified shuttle from 6AM to 10PM only, this hotel is near major motorways and features an on-site gift shop along with a free daily hot... the room is exceptional, beautiful Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 8.1 Very good 244 reviews Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Manchester Airport, NH Hotel in Bedford Budget Hotel This hotel offers free shuttle service to and from Manchester-Boston Regional Airport. An indoor pool is available and guest rooms provide free Wi-Fi and 32-inch flat-screen cable TVs. The most comfortable bed, great night's sleep in a quiet room. Show more Show less From CAD 126 per night 7.8 Good 1,059 reviews Extended Stay America Suites - Nashua - Merrimack Hotel in Merrimack Budget Hotel Located within 27 km of Robert Frost Farm and 34 km of University of Massachusetts - Lowell, Extended Stay America Suites - Nashua - Merrimack offers rooms in Merrimack. Great price every staff member was friendly which makes the stay much better Show more Show less From CAD 131 per night 7.5 Good 64 reviews Hotels with great access to State Park! See all The Centennial Hotel Hotel in Concord Great location Situated within a 15-minute walk from downtown Concord, New Hampshire, this historic hotel offers a gym and an on-site restaurant and lounge. Rooms feature flat-screen TVs and free Wi-Fi. Beautiful, historic hotel. Nice large and well- appointed room. Beautiful bath. Show more Show less From CAD 206 per night 8.4 Very good 220 reviews Courtyard Manchester-Boston Regional Airport Hotel in Manchester Great location The Courtyard Manchester-Boston Regional Airport is located in Manchester, New Hampshire, 3 miles from Derryfield Country Club. It offers an indoor pool and an airport shuttle. The room was comfortable, clean, the staff were friendly and polite, and the hotel was in a... Show more Show less From CAD 145 per night 8.1 Very good 156 reviews Hampton Inn by Hilton Concord/Bow Hotel in Concord Great location This hotel is located between Bow and Concord, New Hampshire and is 10-minutes from Concord Municipal Airport. Rooms are equipped with free Wi-Fi. The beds are very comfortable, the room is very clean with all the facilities, breakfast was good,... Show more Show less From CAD 133 per night 7.9 Good 528 reviews Fairfield Inn Concord Hotel in Concord Great location This hotel is located in Concord, at the junction of Interstate 93 and Highway 3. It has an indoor pool, and offers spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi, and cable TV. I chose the hotel because I have stayed in this chain before. Show more Show less From CAD 123 per night 7.9 Good 170 reviews Holiday Inn Express and Suites Merrimack, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Merrimack Great location Located 5 minutes’ drive from the Anheuser-Busch Brewery, this Merrimack, New Hampshire hotel features an outdoor pool and free in-room Wi-Fi. The Merrimack Premium Outlets are 2 miles away. Beds, free parking, hotel is near the shopping outlet. Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 7.8 Good 215 reviews Residence Inn Concord Hotel in Concord Great location Located just off I-93 and less than 2 miles from downtown Concord, this Residence Inn features suites with a fully equipped kitchen. Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel. Room was spotlessly clean. Staff were pleasant and helpful Show more Show less From CAD 215 per night 7.7 Good 33 reviews Best Western Concord Inn and Suites Hotel in Concord Great location This hotel is 2 mile from downtown Concord and one mile from the Capitol Center for the Arts. The hotel offers an indoor pool and rooms with free Wi-Fi. We stayed as a family of 3 with my son an husband both very picky eaters. Show more Show less From CAD 149 per night 7.6 Good 309 reviews Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Manchester - Airport, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Manchester Great location Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Manchester - Airport in New Hampshire is a short distance from Verizon Wireless Arena and Boston Manchester Regional Airport. the staff was great.very friendly and helped us out with everything we needed. Show more Show less From CAD 152 per night 7.4 Good 136 reviews Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Pet-Friendly Hotels in Manchester Explore more great accommodation options in Manchester, starting with pet-friendly hotels. Flights from London to Manchester Find and compare prices for popular flight routes. Hotels in New Hampshire Discover more hotels in the surrounding area. Hotels in New York Discover another destination in the United States. Hotels in Las Vegas Discover another destination in the United States. Hotels in Hampton Find more hotels in a city close to State Park. Hotels in Concord Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Concord, not too far from State Park. Hotels in Nashua Find more hotels in a city close to State Park. Hotels near Harvard University Places to stay near another famous landmark. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870070,1871440