The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Istanbul, Turkey - Istanbul hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Istanbul Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Istanbul hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Turkey Marmara Region Istanbul Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Istanbul – 7,172 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ISG Sabiha Gökçen Airport Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Asian Side, Istanbul This hotel offers modern rooms on the site of Istanbul’s Sabiha Gokcen Airport. It provides a luggage transfer service. Alp Australia Convenience, cleanness, shuttle service Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 12,297 reviews Price from CAD 132 per night Check availability CVK Park Bosphorus Hotel Istanbul 5 stars Hotel in Taksim, Istanbul Situated in the heart of the city, CVK Park Bosphorus Hotel Istanbul is just 150 metres from Taksim Square. Rezvaneh Iran thank you reception team yasin ahmed sukran ang GR behar you are amazing Show more Show less 9 Superb 7,648 reviews Price from CAD 435 per night Check availability Swissotel The Bosphorus Istanbul 5 stars Hotel in Taksim, Istanbul Having Safe Hotels Executive Level Certificate for 2016 - 2017, Swissotel The Bosphorus Istanbul offers five-star luxury accommodation with its exclusive rooftop pool and award-winning spa. Bedour Qatar the panoramic view in the corner rooms, the restaurants & the lobby was spectacular Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 4,965 reviews Price from CAD 350 per night Check availability YOTEL Istanbul Airport, City Entrance Hotel in Istanbul Located at the Istanbul Airport and a 5-minutes' walk from the passport control point, YOTEL Istanbul Airport, City Entrance offers rooms with air conditioning and free WiFi. Climent Moldova Everything was great, thank you Show more Show less 7.9 Good 4,647 reviews Price from CAD 441 per night Check availability YOTELAIR Istanbul Airport, Duty free - International Transit area Hotel in Istanbul Located in the transit Duty Free area at the Istanbul Airport main terminal departures floor, YOTELAIR Istanbul Airport, Duty free - International Transit area accommodates guests with international... Marina Spain Very nice staff in reception, especially Erencan. We were transferring from an international flight to a local one and had booked on air side; which was incorrect. Thankfully Erencan and colleagues managed to transfer the reservation from air side to land side. Maybe when making the reservation you could ask for the traveller's journey, as an option, and advise if the booking is wrong, like ours. Show more Show less 7.7 Good 3,093 reviews Price from CAD 496 per night Check availability Radisson Hotel President Old Town Istanbul 4 stars Hotel in Old City Sultanahmet, Istanbul Conveniently located in the Old City of Sultanahmet, Radisson President Beyazit Istanbul is just 230 metres from Grand Bazaar and 160 metres from Beyazit Tram Station. Addis United States I liked every aspect: location, breakfast, room was very well designed. I especially liked the professionality of the staff and their A+ customer responsiveness. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 3,904 reviews Price from CAD 153 per night Check availability Radisson Blu Hotel & Spa, Istanbul Tuzla 5 stars Hotel in Istanbul Located 7.5 km from Sabiha Gokcen Airport, close to highway, Radisson Blu Hotel & Spa, Istanbul Tuzla offers complimentary access to the spa centre for its guests. Zeeshan Canada Exceptional staff and great hotel Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 2,437 reviews Price from CAD 139 per night Check availability DoubleTree By Hilton Istanbul - Moda 5 stars Hotel in Kadikoy, Istanbul Situated in the lively Kadikoy district, DoubleTree By Hilton Istanbul – Moda is surrounded by numerous shops, restaurants and cafés, and it’s just a few steps from the bar street and the traditional... Tariq Jitan Jordan Clean room and great staff .. location is amazing Show more Show less 8 Very good 2,897 reviews Price from CAD 192 per night Check availability Deluxe Golden Horn Sultanahmet Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Old City Sultanahmet, Istanbul Centrally located in Sultanahmet, this luxurious hotel is a 10-minute walk from Grand Bazaar. Featuring rooms with Ottoman-style decoration, the hotel is just a few steps from Sultanahmet Tram Stop. Vaselin Bulgaria The hotel was absolutely perfect The staff very friendly specially Musa from reception He was very helpful for everything Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 2,545 reviews Price from CAD 183 per night Check availability Wyndham Grand Istanbul Levent 5 stars Hotel in Sisli, Istanbul Featuring luxurious interiors, Wyndham Grand Istanbul Levent is located on Buyukdere Road. ENNIMOELIATI Indonesia Location is far from tourist area but good for business, breakfast is excellent, room is clean Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 2,417 reviews Price from CAD 248 per night Check availability See all 1955 hotels in Istanbul Cheapest time to stay in Istanbul In February you can stay in Istanbul for an average price of CA$76 per night CA$146CA$117CA$88CA$58CA$29CA$0 CA$79 Jan CA$76 Feb CA$83 Mar CA$94 Apr CA$101 May CA$110 Jun CA$104 Jul CA$102 Aug CA$100 Sep CA$98 Oct CA$90 Nov CA$88 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Istanbul in the past month See all Melas Hotel Istanbul Hotel in Sisli, Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 9.0 Superb · 3,143 reviews Uranus Istanbul Topkapi Hotel in Zeytinburnu, Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 8.3 Very good · 5,278 reviews Ramada Istanbul Pera - The Peak Hotel Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 8.1 Very good · 2,742 reviews Hotel Tashkonak Istanbul Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 8.4 Very good · 1,021 reviews ISG Sabiha Gökçen Airport Hotel Hotel in Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 8.7 Fabulous · 12,297 reviews Orka Taksim Suites & Hotel Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 8.0 Very good · 1,000 reviews Wyndham Istanbul Old City - Celal Aga Konagi Hotel Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 7.8 Good · 720 reviews The Peninsula Istanbul Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 8.7 Fabulous · 18 reviews Wyndham Grand Istanbul Kalamış Marina Hotel Hotel in Kadikoy, Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 8.5 Very good · 3,987 reviews Grand Hotel Gulsoy Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Popular with guests booking hotels in Istanbul 8.4 Very good · 3,288 reviews Istanbul's best hotels with breakfast See all Mövenpick Hotel Istanbul Asia Airport Hotel in Istanbul Breakfast options Located in Istanbul, 35 km from Maiden's Tower, Mövenpick Hotel Istanbul Asia Airport provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. The property was immaculate, super clean and beautiful. Avg. price/night: CAD 181.26 9.2 Superb · 1,961 reviews RW BOUTIQUE HOTEL Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Breakfast options In a prime location in Istanbul, RW BOUTIQUE HOTEL provides air-conditioned rooms, a terrace, free WiFi and a restaurant. Excellent service and quality. Clean bedroom and bathroom. Avg. price/night: CAD 264.37 9.1 Superb · 1,275 reviews Address Istanbul Hotel in Uskudar, Istanbul Breakfast options Address Istanbul has a restaurant, fitness centre, a bar and shared lounge in Istanbul. A Turkish bath and a car rental service are available for guests. Absolutelly premium service staff and facilities ! Avg. price/night: CAD 324.80 9.2 Superb · 1,170 reviews Henna Hotel Istanbul Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Breakfast options Henna Hotel Istanbul has a garden, shared lounge, a terrace and restaurant in Istanbul. Popular points of interest nearby include Topkapi Palace, Column of Constantine and Spice Bazaar. Very firendly and helpful staff. Breakfast is also very good! Avg. price/night: CAD 189.82 9.5 Exceptional · 2,291 reviews Melas Hotel Istanbul Hotel in Sisli, Istanbul Breakfast options Set in Istanbul, 3.9 km from 15 July Martyrs Bridge, Melas Hotel Istanbul offers accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. I loved everything about the Hotel recommended everyone Avg. price/night: CAD 262.32 9.0 Superb · 3,143 reviews World Heritage Center Hotel Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Breakfast options Featuring a garden, a shared lounge as well as a terrace, World Heritage Center Hotel is located in the centre of Istanbul, 300 metres from Basilica Cistern. Great location and staff. Very close to all the attractions. Avg. price/night: CAD 171.36 9.4 Superb · 1,708 reviews The Soul Istanbul Hotel Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul Breakfast options Situated in Istanbul and with Istiklal Street reachable within 700 metres, The Soul Istanbul Hotel features concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a garden, free WiFi and a shared lounge. Very nice hotel and staff, really loved everything❤️ Avg. price/night: CAD 140.60 9.0 Superb · 1,067 reviews Vital Hotel Fulya Istanbul Sisli Hotel in Sisli, Istanbul Breakfast options Situated in Istanbul, 1.6 km from Istanbul Congress Center, Vital Hotel Fulya Istanbul Sisli features accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Staff extremely nice. Food was good. Service was good. Avg. price/night: CAD 168.43 9.0 Superb · 1,241 reviews Budget hotels in Istanbul See all Sultan Suleyman Palace Hotel & Spa Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Budget Hotel Well situated in Istanbul, Sultan Suleyman Palace Hotel & Spa offers air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. location,spa,staff,location which will drag us back to same hotel if we ever visit again. Avg. price/night: CAD 263.63 9.3 Superb · 1,641 reviews Union Hotel Port Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul Budget Hotel Situated in the centre of Istanbul, Union Hotel Port is set 800 metres from Taksim Metro Station and 700 metres from Taksim Square. This 3-star hotel offers room service and a concierge service. Exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. Many thanks guys! Avg. price/night: CAD 105.51 9.4 Superb · 1,332 reviews Atlantis Royal Hotel Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Budget Hotel Located in the centre of Istanbul, Atlantis Royal Hotel is situated less than 1 km from Blue Mosque and a 10-minute walk from Basilica Cistern. This 3-star hotel offers room service and a tour desk. my stay was very nice especially Emir helped me a lot Avg. price/night: CAD 59.32 9.0 Superb · 1,545 reviews Mukarnas Taksim Hotel Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul Budget Hotel Conveniently set in Istanbul, Mukarnas Taksim Hotel provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a shared lounge. location , staff , clean , fast internet, family Cousy hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 147.64 9.1 Superb · 1,544 reviews Hotel Peninsula Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Budget Hotel Located conveniently in historic peninsula, just 300 metres from the sea, Hotel Peninsula features air-conditioned rooms equipped with a refrigerator. very friendly staff, perfect spot in Istanbul and a really good breakfast 9.0 Superb · 1,444 reviews Interstar Hotel Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Budget Hotel Located only 300 metres from Blue Mosque, İnterstar Hotel has a terrace, and modernly decorated rooms with free WiFi and soundproofing. The property offers 24-hour front desk service. Top location with good breakfast and AMAZING staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 111.39 9.0 Superb · 1,077 reviews Edition Old City Hotel Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Budget Hotel Edition Old City Hotel is only 2 minutes' walk away from Grand Bazaar, this boutique hotel is situated in the historical peninsula. It offers an open terrace and rooms overlooking the Beyazit Square. Thank you Front office manager Ercan❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Avg. price/night: CAD 213.10 9.3 Superb · 1,356 reviews Mays Royal Hotel Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Budget Hotel Situated in Istanbul, 2.3 km from Suleymaniye Mosque, Mays Royal Hotel features accommodation with a garden, private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. All the staff is very nice and kind I extended my stay 4 more nights Avg. price/night: CAD 91.11 9.0 Superb · 116 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Istanbul See all Sirma Sultan Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Central location Set in the centre of Istanbul, less than 1 km from Blue Mosque, Sirma Sultan offers air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. 10.0 Exceptional · 2 reviews White House Hotel Istanbul Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Central location White House Hotel Istanbul boasts a prime location in the heart of the Historical Peninsula, within walking distance to many attractions including Hagia Sophia, the Blue Mosque and the Grand Bazaar. Great location. Excellent staff. Great boutique hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 280.71 9.8 Exceptional · 1,868 reviews Four-G Hotel Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Central location Four-G Hotel offers accommodation with free WiFi throughout the property in the centre of Istanbul, 700 metres from Blue Mosque. Great location for historical sites, clean and very comfy 9.8 Exceptional · 1,161 reviews Tin Suites Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Central location Conveniently located in the Fatih district of Istanbul, Tin Suites is set 600 metres from Column of Constantine, 700 metres from Blue Mosque and 1 km from Spice Bazaar. Établissement propre un personnel extrêmement sympathique et disponible Avg. price/night: CAD 195.35 9.7 Exceptional · 19 reviews Zeyn Otel Istanbul Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Central location Located in the centre of Istanbul, Zeyn Otel Istanbul is set less than 1 km from Blue Mosque and a 10-minute walk from Basilica Cistern. Cozy, excellent location, amazing staff and manager 9.7 Exceptional · 2,118 reviews Hotel Ravi Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Central location Ideally located in the centre of Istanbul, Hotel Ravi offers air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. This 3-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. New hotel with heart warming staff. Room is neat and clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 175.98 9.6 Exceptional · 164 reviews The Magnaura Palace Hotel Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Central location Located in the heart of Sultanahmet area, this hotel is just 150 metres from Blue Mosque and 250 metres from Hagia Sophia. Top location, very clean rooms, friendly staff, delicious breakfast 9.6 Exceptional · 1,022 reviews Nea Suites Old City Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul Central location Only 700 metres to Hagia Sophia and Topkapi Palace, Nea Suites Old City is a 15-minute walk to the Blue Mosque. It offers spacious suites with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV. Nice hotel, perfect location and the staff are polite 9.5 Exceptional · 307 reviews FAQs about hotels in Istanbul How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Istanbul? On average, 3-star hotels in Istanbul cost CAD 98 per night, and 4-star hotels in Istanbul are CAD 182 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Istanbul can on average be found for CAD 312 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Istanbul for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Istanbul this weekend is CAD 90 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 150. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Istanbul for this weekend cost on average around CAD 248 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Istanbul for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 95 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Istanbul for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 142 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Istanbul will cost around CAD 262 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Istanbul are good for families? Many families visiting Istanbul loved staying at HaciBayramHotel, Four-G Hotel and White House Hotel Istanbul. What are the best hotels in Istanbul near Taksim Square? Some of the best hotels in Istanbul near Taksim Square include Taksim House Suites, Garlon Residence and Plat Inn Hotel Taksim. What are the best hotels to stay in Istanbul? HaciBayramHotel, Four-G Hotel and White House Hotel Istanbul are some of the popular hotels in Istanbul. What hotels in Istanbul offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Istanbul that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Hotel Poem, HaciBayramHotel and OBAHAN HOTEL-Special Class. What hotels in Istanbul are good for couples? These hotels in Istanbul are highly rated by couples: HaciBayramHotel, White House Hotel Istanbul and Four-G Hotel. What hotels in Istanbul have nice views? HaciBayramHotel, World Heritage Center Hotel and Four-G Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Istanbul regarding the views from their hotel rooms. The Best of Asia and Europe The city of Istanbul offers a trip unlike any other, encompassing Asian and European cultures to create a heady mix of art, music and food. The amazing Old Town and the Sultanahmet are home to iconic Blue Mosque and the Hagia Sophia. More history is hidden in the Topkapi Palace, where you can glimpse the splendour and opulence of Turkey’s Ottoman heritage. Take a stroll through the historic centre or the bustling Taksim Square before watching the sun set behind countless mosques and minarets. Local fish markets and numerous restaurants lining the bridge to Galata offer the Golden Horn’s daily catch. If you prefer the fine art of bargaining to fine art, lose yourself in the Grand Bazar and maybe you’ll emerge with a hookah, some Turkish coffee, or even a carpet. The Spice Bazar further immerses you in the sights, smells, and tastes of Turkish culture. Getting to Istanbul is an easy trip from Ataturk International Airport or Sabiha Gokcen Airport. Whether you want a luxury hotel on the Asian side or a budget hostel in Taksim Square, Booking.com has over 1,000 great accommodations for your holiday in Istanbul. Learn more about visiting Istanbul 364 attractions 140 points of interest 56 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Istanbul City trip 101,411 reviews Boating 1,228 reviews Sightseeing 42,531 reviews Food trip 57,787 reviews Shopping 15,026 reviews Nightlife 644 reviews What guests said about Istanbul: 10 Istanbul is a lively, bustling city, that never seems to... Istanbul is a lively, bustling city, that never seems to sleep. It has beauty in it's architecture and culture; the people are warm and caring; there is good food at affordable prices; there are cheap taxis and trams and buses; and even boats to visit the different sides of the city. As two females, we felt safe walking around the city cebtre at any time of day until the early hours of morning. Our Hotel RUZ was perfectly positioned. If you want plenty of cultural/ artistic places to visit; or just want to relax, take spas, cruises and eat and drink; or walk around and discover things as you go, Istanbul is for you. Marilyn United Kingdom 10 Great city to visit, but two days are by far not enough for... Great city to visit, but two days are by far not enough for everything. Try to visit Blue Mosque, Sofia Hagia, Topkapi palace, Galata Tower. Most of them are in the same area so I would suggest to book a room in that area as well so you could walk from a touristic point to another (take confortable shoes :). B Bogdan M. Romania 8.0 The Istanbulkart for travel via bus,metro,trams.funicular... The Istanbulkart for travel via bus,metro,trams.funicular and ferries is fantastic. It is not the easiest system t, they are greato get the card and put credit on it but once you do it gives great flexibility. Take the Ferries on the Bosphorus, especially to the Asian side Kadikoy and Uskudar. a different world to the hustle and bustle of Istanbul tourist areas. Stephen Cyprus 8.0 Lots of history, lots of different people from all over the... Lots of history, lots of different people from all over the world. Los spanish, english and german speaking tourist besides the tourists from the middle east countries. Interesting seeing secular Women next to ones in Burkas. Turks a friendly but watch yourself on the markets. Prices are way to high. Christoph Switzerland 8.0 There is a variety of scenery in this vast city . There is a variety of scenery in this vast city . Each area differs significantly from the others. There are a lot of sights but you also need to take time and stroll around. The food is delicious and the sweets too. Maria Greece 10 Istanbul is an amazing city full of history and kind locals... Istanbul is an amazing city full of history and kind locals who are ready to welcome you! The food was amazing, the sites were impressive, the cats were very cute, and their art was beautiful too. I would go back in a second! Incognita1 United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Istanbul See all The Artisan Istanbul MGallery Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 177 per night 8.2 Very good 1,771 reviews Location was close to Dolmabahce palace, Besiktas Football stadium and Taksim square but the area was on a steep hill so walking was difficult. Breakfast location was a dream with Bosphorus view but variety could have been better for Kids (Flavored yogurt & milk missing). Our rooms were upgraded on booking but a couple of the allotted rooms were too cramped for space. Though must be mentioned that on day 2 of our stay were moved to a bigger room upon availability at the hotel. Staff tried their best to make our stay comfortable. Show more Show less Fahad Pakistan Kartal Palace Taksim Square FAMİLY HOTEL Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 92 per night 8.1 Very good 1,246 reviews I would like to thank the guys at the reception who were very helpful answering all my questions and making my stay in locked down Istanbul less stressful. Also, they granted me with an early check in. The hotel itself is in the very convenient location - Taksim Square is at the doorsteps. Importantly, it is only 5 min walk to the Havaist bus station - the convenient and cheap commute to/from the new airport. Rooms are rather small, but very clean and comfortable. For a short stay I would strongly recommend this place. Show more Show less Arman Australia Pera Luna Residence Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 86 per night 8.9 Fabulous 714 reviews Great hotel, located within 10seconds walk of Taksim square and Istiklal street, where you will find all the cafes, restaurants, shops etc.The hotel is nicely furnished and the staff are amazing.Very good breakfast on rooftop restaurant. Although all the main sites are not close they are easily within walking distance . we never used a bus or tram or taxi to get around. Best to stay in this area and visit Sultanahmet( the historical area) during the day. Will definitely stay here again when in Istanbul again Show more Show less ROBERTO Malta Hotel Taksimdays Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 50 per night 8.7 Fabulous 542 reviews The hotel was great, very convenient location close to Taksim square. The hotel is very clean. The room is very big and bright, there’re many TV channels, including Russian. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The host speaks fluent Russian and helped me a lot during my stay, told be about best places to visit, helped to charge the transportation card, and called the taxi to the airport at discount rate. I enjoyed my stay a lot and next time in Istanbul will choose this hotel to stay again for sure. Show more Show less Marina Russia Arena Hotel - Special Class Hotel in Fatih, Istanbul From CAD 146 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,986 reviews The hotel was situated close to Sultanahmet square, with its fantastic Mosques, ancient monuments, museums, shops , cafes and restaurants. It was close to the sea and all the transport systems, including the trams and buses to Taksim Square and to the boats to the asian side of Istanbul. Such an amazing City and vast. There is a lot of renovation of properties in the area around the Hotel and the roads are very narrow and traffic often very busy. the area is steeped in history, which we loved. Show more Show less Dave United Kingdom Wyndham Grand Istanbul Kalamış Marina Hotel Hotel in Kadikoy, Istanbul From CAD 242 per night 8.5 Very good 3,986 reviews Apart from the common comments for the great location, luxury hotel room and features, detailed services, I would like to comment on the Concierge Service they provided which is excellent and amazing, absolutely beyond 5 star hotel standard. Majed Tezulastiran is friendly, caring, responsible, reliable and professional, the customer service he provided is totally outstanding.He has made Wyndham Grand Kalamis Marina Hotel the best in my heart and the only hotel for my next visit to Istanbul. Show more Show less Raluca Romania Budak Residence Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 23 per night 7.1 Good 155 reviews Location is exceptional, it's in taksim square and at the same time we didn't hear much noise. Different kinds of transportation is available and so close. Aras was very helpful and kind and let us extend our stay and changed our room to a double room which was perfect and had everything we needed The room was spacious unlike a lot of hotels with the same budget. Totally recommened if you want to be in the middle of Istanbul on a budget and enjoy your stay in a nice place. Show more Show less Mariam Egypt InterContinental Istanbul, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 236 per night 8.5 Very good 4,325 reviews Fantastic location , super close to all the action at Taksim square and also the Havaist bus stop for the Istanbul airports . Our room was immaculate with a beautiful side view of the BOSPHORUS . We always came back to a super clean room after a long day of work and sightseeing . The breakfast spread was vast catering to everyone’s need ! The people at the doors always greeted us with a warm smile . All in all a perfect stay ! Show more Show less Dilip United Arab Emirates Taximist Hotel Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 99 per night 8.4 Very good 985 reviews great location nice size room close to everything. we hopped off the bus from Istanbul airport spent one night here and caught bus to the Asian side Airport which is a 5 min walk away(both busses stop at the same spot). the hotel is in a quite area and Taksim square is just around the corner, great spot to do some exploring. the staff are extremely friendly and accommodating like most hosts in Turkiye Show more Show less Nicholas South Africa Uranus Istanbul Topkapi Hotel in Zeytinburnu, Istanbul From CAD 154 per night 8.3 Very good 5,278 reviews We were in a privilege room, the room was amazing, spacious, with nice city views. The hotel has great facilities, enjoyed the free sauna, gym and swimming pool. They also have massage service for a fee, but we didn't try it. We stayed at 3 different hotels in Istanbul, and for all the 3, Uranus serves the best 5 star buffet breakfast with a lot of options. I will book with them again. Show more Show less kudakwashe gore Ireland Santa Rio Taxim Hotel Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 53 per night 8.7 Fabulous 341 reviews We loved to stay at this hotel!! Everything was wonderful!! The room was beautiful and big, with kitchenette and a living room area. The view from the room was great!! The staff was A+, helping us with everything we needed. The hotel is in Taksim Square, best area in Istanbul and a few steps from restaurants, shopping, markets. Best stay ever!! Show more Show less Sonia United States Magnova Studios Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 136 per night 9.0 Superb 735 reviews The room is very clean and comfortable, feel like home. The location is very great, and very closed to the main point - The Taksim square. There is the shopping street in front of the hotel so It's very convenience and really recommend to stay here at Istanbul. Moreover the staff is really nice, polite and very kind. 😃😃😃 Show more Show less Pornsawan Thailand Roozendaal Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 41 per night 7.4 Good 216 reviews Room is very Nice the Manger of the Otel is amazing very Helpful Location not bad not good it's like 6 Mins to Taksim Square overall it's Good . If I go to Istanbul again maybe i will visit the Hotel because the staff is very nice and did good Hospitality Show more Show less Marina Egypt CVK Taksim Hotel Istanbul Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 130 per night 8.4 Very good 2,017 reviews One of the best hotel in istanbul , great value against the money , very friendly staff especially the manager Mr.Mert very helpful and for sure great view to Taksim square . i was in this hotel more than 10 times and sure i will repeated again Show more Show less Faozi Saudi Arabia Galata King Suite Hotel Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 59 per night 7.9 Good 503 reviews The location of the hotel was near galata tower and taksim square made it easier exploring that area of Istanbul. All the staff members were welcoming, very helpful and always available, Ali and Kadir made my stay very confortable. Show more Show less Khaoula Morocco Radisson Blu Hotel Istanbul Asia Hotel in Atasehir, Istanbul From CAD 167 per night 8.5 Very good 2,232 reviews The best bed I slept in istanbul. spent nights at different supposed 5 star hotels, only this had a decent bed to sleep in. others their bed was too soft. supermarket was right behind and close to wide variety of restaurants Show more Show less Onyinye Nigeria Arart Hotel Hotel in Beyoglu, Istanbul From CAD 82 per night 8.7 Fabulous 515 reviews Small hotel located very close to Taksim square and Istiklal. Our room was quite large, very comfortable and had a lot of light. From the balcony we could see night Istanbul and Galata tower. Show more Show less Alexey S Russia Nova Park Suite Hotel-BOMONTI Hotel in Sisli, Istanbul From CAD 63 per night 6.9 Review score 79 reviews It was a great stay in a central location of Istanbul ad the thing that I liked the most the hotel was so close to Taksim Square . Show more Show less Kerem France Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Istanbul Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Hotels near Istanbul Sabiha Gokcen International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Marmara Region Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Car hire in Istanbul Hire a car and hit the road. Things to do in Istanbul How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels in Bursa Find more hotels in a city close to Bursa. Hotels in Yalova Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Yalova, not too far from Istanbul. Hotels in Istanbul City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Old City Sultanahmet Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Istanbul Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|3,1846890,1847760|3,1866460,1833870,1871440,1870380|9,1870380,1847760