The 10 best hotels in Edinburgh, Lothian - Cheap Edinburgh hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Edinburgh Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Edinburgh hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom Lothian Edinburgh Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Edinburgh – 1,496 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Leonardo Royal Edinburgh Haymarket 4 stars Hotel in West End, Edinburgh In Edinburgh city centre, less than 500 metres from Haymarket Rail Station, the Leonardo Royal Hotel Edinburgh offers great value, with modern family-friendly en suite rooms and a restaurant-bar. April United States Location was great! walkable and close to city center. Beautiful inside. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Highly recommend! Show more Show less 7.7 Good 11,694 reviews Price from CAD 168 per night Check availability Apex Waterloo Place Hotel 4 stars Hotel in New Town, Edinburgh Just around the corner from Calton Hill, the 4-star Apex Waterloo Place hotel epitomises luxury living in the heart of Edinburgh. *(YuT)* Thailand So close to train station and shopping mall Easy to walk to old town Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 4,371 reviews Price from CAD 231 per night Check availability The Haymarket Hotel 3 stars Hotel in West End, Edinburgh The Haymarket Hotel in Edinburgh city centre is located down a cobbled street in the historic Haymarket area. Asdis Iceland very friendly staff, excellent hotel stay! would recommend to friends and family Show more Show less 8 Very good 5,593 reviews Price from CAD 144 per night Check availability The Balmoral Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Old Town, Edinburgh Located on Princes Street, The Balmoral has a 4 AA Rosette restaurant, a pool and a gym. Waverley Station and Edinburgh's main shopping area are within 5 minutes' walk. Evgeni Bulgaria Wonderful place with pleasant atmosphere ! Nice rooms, very good restorants, polite and professional staff. Little surprising gifts. Perfect location. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 1,780 reviews Price from CAD 572 per night Check availability Market Street hotel 4 stars Hotel in Old Town, Edinburgh Located in the centre of Edinburgh, just a few minutes’ walk from the Royal Mile and 650 yards of The Real Mary King's Close, Market Street forms part of Edinburgh’s historic skyline. Tara France Lovely cosy room in a very well placed hotel Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,990 reviews Price from CAD 295 per night Check availability InterContinental Hotels - Edinburgh The George, an IHG Hotel 5 stars Hotel in New Town, Edinburgh Boasting an enviable location in the Edinburgh city centre, the historic and chic, InterContinental Edinburgh The George, is close to Edinburgh Castle, Princes Street Gardens and Holyrood Palace. Leanne United Kingdom location was brilliant, staff were friendly and a nice bar! Lovely room service. If we asked for anything they were very accommodating. Will definitely be coming back! We were so impressed we are going to buy vouchers for a xmas present for family to come and enjoy the hotel. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 1,673 reviews Price from CAD 303 per night Check availability Grassmarket Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Old Town, Edinburgh Boasting stylish rooms with plasma-screen TVs and wall-sized magnetic maps, this refurbished hotel is 800 metres from Edinburgh Waverley Rail Station and 300 metres from the Royal Mile. Louise Ireland The staff were absolutely lovely and they couldn't help us enough, we arrived very early before check in and they let us keep our cases in the hotel safe until check in time. The same when we were leaving, our flight wasn't until late in the evening and they kept our cases safe for us after we had checked out. The rooms are very comfortable, there's brilliant storage space for your clothes and they have a safe too. Show more Show less 8 Very good 2,843 reviews Price from CAD 133 per night Check availability The Rutland Hotel & Apartments 4 stars Hotel in New Town, Edinburgh The glamorous Rutland Hotel has stylish rooms, a luxurious late-lounge, and a unique restaurant with a glass wine cellar. Mizuho Canada great location, spacious room, nice design and good service, can’t ask for more! Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,991 reviews Price from CAD 269 per night Check availability The Guards Hotel 3 stars Hotel in West End, Edinburgh Guards Hotel is a small hotel opposite Haymarket Railway Station in the West End and close to the EICC. Princes Street is a 10-minute walk away. The hotel is warm, welcoming and has a military theme. Yolanda Victoria Poland affordable and the location is in the center. friendly and helpful staff and manager. Show more Show less 5.9 Review score 1,272 reviews Price from CAD 85 per night Check availability Hotel Indigo Edinburgh, an IHG Hotel 4 stars Hotel in New Town, Edinburgh In Edinburgh’s vibrant city centre, 200 metres from the Edinburgh Playhouse Theatre, Hotel Indigo Edinburgh offers stylish rooms with work areas. herawaty Indonesia clean,, comfort, good breakfast, good service Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 1,255 reviews Price from CAD 188 per night Check availability See all 733 hotels in Edinburgh Most booked hotels in Edinburgh in the past month See all Britannia Edinburgh Hotel Hotel in Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh Leonardo Royal Edinburgh Haymarket Hotel in Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh 7.8 Good · 11,692 reviews YOTEL Edinburgh Hotel in Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh 8.0 Very good · 13,029 reviews Leonardo Royal Hotel Edinburgh - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Old Town, Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh 8.3 Very good · 3,661 reviews Dalmahoy Hotel & Country Club Hotel in Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh 8.0 Very good · 7,076 reviews Cityroomz Edinburgh Hotel in Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh 7.8 Good · 8,442 reviews ibis budget Hotel Edinburgh Park Hotel in Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh 7.4 Good · 11,090 reviews Virgin Hotels Edinburgh Hotel in Old Town, Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh 8.8 Fabulous · 2,743 reviews Hampton By Hilton Edinburgh West End Hotel in Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh 8.1 Very good · 7,588 reviews Holiday Inn Express Edinburgh City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Edinburgh Popular with guests booking hotels in Edinburgh 8.1 Very good · 7,798 reviews Edinburgh's best hotels with breakfast See all Virgin Hotels Edinburgh Hotel in Old Town, Edinburgh Breakfast options Featuring a fitness centre, a restaurant as well as a bar, Virgin Hotels Edinburgh is located in the centre of Edinburgh, 300 metres from The Real Mary King's Close. Location and room was amazing! Couldn’t have been better! Avg. price/night: CAD 399.58 8.8 Fabulous · 2,743 reviews Melville Castle Hotel Hotel in Edinburgh Breakfast options Located in Edinburgh, 10 km from University of Edinburgh, Melville Castle Hotel provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Beautiful hotel and grounds staff were really nice Avg. price/night: CAD 204.91 8.5 Very good · 1,079 reviews Moxy Edinburgh Fountainbridge Hotel in Edinburgh Breakfast options Moxy Edinburgh Fountainbridge is set in Edinburgh in the Lothian region, 400 metres from EICC and less than 1 km from Edinburgh Castle. the staff were super friendly and the vibe was great. Avg. price/night: CAD 213.45 8.3 Very good · 4,625 reviews voco Edinburgh - Haymarket, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Edinburgh Breakfast options Well located in the centre of Edinburgh, voco Edinburgh - Haymarket, an IHG Hotel provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a shared lounge. Staff is very friendly,helpful and rooms are nice ! Avg. price/night: CAD 252.73 8.8 Fabulous · 5,321 reviews Malmaison Edinburgh City Hotel in Edinburgh Breakfast options Situated conveniently in the centre of Edinburgh, Malmaison Edinburgh City offers air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. Everything - friendly staff, room upgrade, cocktail vouchers Avg. price/night: CAD 261.26 8.3 Very good · 2,324 reviews Point A Hotel Edinburgh Haymarket Hotel in Edinburgh Breakfast options Attractively set in the centre of Edinburgh, Point A Hotel Edinburgh Haymarket features air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. The staff, cleanliness, closeness to centre. Quiet Avg. price/night: CAD 324.44 8.3 Very good · 7,312 reviews YOTEL Edinburgh Hotel in Edinburgh Breakfast options Conveniently set in Edinburgh, YOTEL Edinburgh provides air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a bar. Very comfortable, excellent breakfast, friendly staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 261.26 8.0 Very good · 13,029 reviews Hampton By Hilton Edinburgh West End Hotel in Edinburgh Breakfast options Located within a 5-minute walk of EICC and a 12-minute walk of Edinburgh Castle, Hampton By Hilton Edinburgh West End in Edinburgh features a fitness centre and rooms with free WiFi. All staff were very helpful and eztremely friendly Avg. price/night: CAD 230.27 8.1 Very good · 7,588 reviews Budget hotels in Edinburgh See all Courtyard by Marriott Edinburgh West Hotel in Edinburgh Budget Hotel Courtyard Edinburgh West is located in Edinburgh, 500 metres from Heriot-Watt University and 7.2 km from BT Murrayfield Stadium. Guests can enjoy all-day dining at the on-site restaurant, The Avenue. Very comfortable bed, very clean rooms, delicious food. Avg. price/night: CAD 143.69 8.3 Very good · 2,475 reviews The White Lady Wetherspoon Hotel in Corstorphine, Edinburgh Budget Hotel Located in Edinburgh and with Edinburgh Zoo reachable within less than 1 km, The White Lady Wetherspoon provides a restaurant, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Just really convenient, no issues, comfy and roomy. Avg. price/night: CAD 122.95 8.5 Very good · 3,259 reviews Holiday Inn Express Edinburgh - Leith Waterfront, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Edinburgh Budget Hotel This modern hotel is next to the Ocean Terminal shopping centre and the Royal Yacht Britannia. It has paid onsite parking, air-conditioned rooms and regular buses to the city centre stop outside. Had a lovely stay staff very friendly and helpful nice breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 162.21 8.0 Very good · 5,648 reviews Dalmahoy Hotel & Country Club Hotel in Edinburgh Budget Hotel Set amongst 1000 acres of beautiful parkland with two 18-hole golf courses, this historic country hotel, built in 1725, offers luxurious spa and leisure facilities, and informal and fine dining... Everything! Nice room, elegant hotel in a quiet setting! Avg. price/night: CAD 184.93 8.0 Very good · 7,076 reviews Best Western Kings Manor Hotel in Portobello, Edinburgh Budget Hotel Best Western Kings Manor in Edinburgh offers free WiFi, a 20-metre swimming pool and a gym. Portobello Beach is just 10 minutes’ walk from the building. Everything was as described. I recommend this hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 169.05 8.4 Very good · 5,790 reviews Toby Carvery Edinburgh West by Innkeeper's Collection Hotel in Corstorphine, Edinburgh Budget Hotel Free private parking is provided at Innkeeper's Lodge Edinburgh, which is located just 10 minutes’ walk from Edinburgh Zoo. Room was excellent and the meals were good value Avg. price/night: CAD 140.02 8.3 Very good · 953 reviews easyHotel Edinburgh Hotel in Edinburgh Budget Hotel With scenic views of Edinburgh Castle and Princes Gardens, EasyHotel Edinburgh is located in the New Town district in Edinburgh, 400 metres from Edinburgh Castle and 600 metres from EICC. Great location and helpful staff, would stay again! Avg. price/night: CAD 151.96 5.9 Above average · 2,420 reviews ibis budget Hotel Edinburgh Park Hotel in Edinburgh Budget Hotel An 8-minute drive from Edinburgh Airport, ibis Budget Hotel Edinburgh Park lies just off the City of Edinburgh Bypass and 30 minutes’ walk from Edinburgh Park Train Station. It is what it is. Comfortable room. Staff were great. Avg. price/night: CAD 134.90 7.4 Good · 11,090 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Edinburgh See all Prestonfield House Hotel in Edinburgh Central location This luxurious 5-star retreat has a fine-dining restaurant and romantic bedrooms about 3 km from the Royal Mile. Prestonfield is surrounded by gardens and a golf course. The staff was exceptional! The grounds were beautiful! 9.4 Superb · 229 reviews 24 Royal Terrace Hotel in Edinburgh Central location Situated in central Edinburgh at the foot of Calton Hill, 24 Royal Terrace is nestled amongst the grand Georgian townhouses of a UNESCO Heritage site. Great location. Friendly staff. Amazing breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 284.96 9.2 Superb · 626 reviews The Raeburn Hotel in Edinburgh Central location The Raeburn is set in the charming Stockbridge area of Edinburgh and within 20 minutes’ walk of Princes Street and the New Town. Great location, great service and easy to get around Avg. price/night: CAD 292 9.2 Superb · 516 reviews The Lane Hotel Hotel in Edinburgh Central location Situated in Edinburgh, 2.5 km from EICC, The Lane Hotel features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Lovely place to stay. Very modern and clean. Fantastic staff Avg. price/night: CAD 273.22 9.2 Superb · 1,354 reviews Ten Hill Place Hotel in Edinburgh Central location Just 0.5 miles from Edinburgh Waverley Rail Station, this 4-star Ten Hill Place, WorldHotels Distinctive is owned by the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh and offers free WiFi. Everything, especially the heating in the bathroom Avg. price/night: CAD 356.89 8.9 Fabulous · 2,485 reviews Tigerlily Hotel in Edinburgh Central location Tigerlily is an award-winning boutique hotel with chic rooms, an elegant bar, nightclub and a restaurant. Staff-smiley Decor-wow Food-delish Cocktails-divine Avg. price/night: CAD 454.65 8.9 Fabulous · 2,033 reviews The Bonham Hotel in Edinburgh Central location Situated in Edinburgh's West End, The Bonham Hotel is a Victorian town house. Majority of the bedrooms have a city view. The comfort, style, food and staff were all wonderful Avg. price/night: CAD 264.68 8.9 Fabulous · 1,503 reviews Kimpton - Charlotte Square, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Edinburgh Central location Kimpton Charlotte Square Hotel is situated in Edinburgh, just metres from Princes Street and George Street. Beautiful Suite, friendly staff and breakfast in bed! Avg. price/night: CAD 373.96 8.8 Fabulous · 1,948 reviews FAQs about hotels in Edinburgh How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Edinburgh? On average, 3-star hotels in Edinburgh cost CAD 228 per night, and 4-star hotels in Edinburgh are CAD 295 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Edinburgh can on average be found for CAD 570 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Edinburgh for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Edinburgh this weekend is CAD 439 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 549. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Edinburgh for this weekend cost on average around CAD 835 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Edinburgh for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 229 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Edinburgh for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 329 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Edinburgh will cost around CAD 570 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Edinburgh are good for families? Many families visiting Edinburgh loved staying at The Balmoral Hotel, The Witchery by the Castle and Prestonfield House. What are the best hotels in Edinburgh near Edinburgh Castle? Some of the best hotels in Edinburgh near Edinburgh Castle include Grassmarket Old Town Boutique Apartment, Rose Apartment and The Edinburgh Rooftop Terrace. What are the best hotels in Edinburgh near Edinburgh Airport? Travellers who stayed in Edinburgh near Edinburgh Airport (EDI) have said good things about Hampton By Hilton Edinburgh Airport, Moxy Edinburgh Airport and DoubleTree by Hilton Edinburgh Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Edinburgh? Ocean Mist Leith, BrewDog DogHouse Edinburgh and The Balmoral Hotel are some of the popular hotels in Edinburgh. What hotels in Edinburgh offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Edinburgh that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try 24 Royal Terrace, BrewDog DogHouse Edinburgh and Hotel Ceilidh-Donia. What hotels in Edinburgh are good for couples? These hotels in Edinburgh are highly rated by couples: BrewDog DogHouse Edinburgh, Ocean Mist Leith and Prestonfield House. What hotels in Edinburgh have nice views? 21212, The Bonham and Hotel Ceilidh-Donia have received great reviews from travellers in Edinburgh regarding the views from their hotel rooms. A Feast for the Senses A city of heritage, heart and of course Hogmanay, Scotland’s capital is vibrant and edgy. Whether or not you come for one of its many festivals, Edinburgh is quite simply a feast for the senses. The wealth of Edinburgh sights ranges from Holyrood Palace to the Botanical Gardens, Princes Street to the Royal Mile. Overseeing them all is majestic Edinburgh Castle. Be there at sunset on a clear day to see the city below bathed in a warm, orange glow. Simply stunning. Wandering the streets, the smell of fish and chips wafts by, with the unique twist of salt ‘n’ sauce – a must-try variation on this favourite dish. Follow it up with a smooth whisky and you’ll start to feel like a local. For a taste of Scottish culture, a kilt-wearing busker often plays the bagpipes on Waverley Bridge, while traditional folk music can be heard in some Old Town pubs. Complete your stay with a rugby match at Murrayfield or a round at one of the city’s 14 golf clubs, and you’ll have the true Edinburgh experience. Whether you are looking for hotels near Edinburgh Airport or accommodations in the city center, Booking.com has a great range to choose from. Learn more about visiting Edinburgh 272 attractions 44 points of interest 22 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Edinburgh: 6.0 we loved edinburgh having been several times befor the only... we loved edinburgh having been several times befor the only thing that let Edinburgh down for us is the fact we did not find any gluten free food as my wife is gluten free and she is also diabetic which is not a good combination, andy United Kingdom 10 The city is a great size for seeing everything on foot. The city is a great size for seeing everything on foot. Christmas markets were a great attraction, so many brilliant independent coffee shops and restaurants to visit. Visited solo, and the city felt very safe, always lots people around. Alice United Kingdom 8.0 November is not the right time to visit highlands. November is not the right time to visit highlands. The weather is cloudy and trees have started shading leaves. But yes you can feel the christmas vibes in the leading streets of edinburgh. Summer is ideal time to visit and soak in the beauty. But the cobbled roads, gothic architecture they surely charms one the moment one steps into the city from Railway station. Subhadip India 10 Lovely city for a short break. Lovely city for a short break. Very hilly but lovely buildings and views. Plenty of things to see.We did a lot of walking but transport very good. Christmas market and fair very good. Friendly people. Valerie United Kingdom 10 I would recommend the hop on hop off bus tour, it gives you... I would recommend the hop on hop off bus tour, it gives you a perfect overview of the sights, and where you might want to spend longer, public transport is fabulous too, it’s quite hilly in places but worth it for the wonderful views, the Christmas market was lovely and the streets and shops were decorated fabulously, there’s plenty of cafes and pubs to enjoy on your travels☺️ Jackie United Kingdom 10 Edinburgh is beautiful, even on a grey day. Edinburgh is beautiful, even on a grey day. There are so many places to go, and the public transport is excellent. Get a bus pass (1 day or longer depending on stay) so you can go anywhere, then take your pick. In summer, Leith and Portobello can be a treat; the river walk by the Waters of Leith is delightful; Surgeons Hall museum is gruesome and interesting; go up Calton Hill for the views, down Grassmarket for people-watching, George Street for fancy eating and shops, Rose Street for atmosphere... My favourite eatery was Pomo on Morrison Street (near Haymarket station), but Auld Hundred and the Boozy Cow on Rose Street both provided good pub grub. And there are some excellent gelati around: Mary's Milk Bar and Ciao Roma come to mind. And if you are of small build, can cope with heights and narrow spaces, climb up the Scott Monument! Miranda United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Edinburgh See all voco Edinburgh - Haymarket, an IHG Hotel Edinburgh From CAD 252.73 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 5,321 reviews The Voco Edinburgh Haymarket hotel is a short walking distance from the Haymarket Tram and train station. Great location to get to the old Town city center of Edinburgh - within 10-15 min walk assuming you are good at following a map and can find the street names on the buildings. The staff is very friendly. Loved having a managed sit down area for breakfast. Very good selection of breakfast foods - both hot and cold. Loved having all the toiletries in large containers. You don't need to bring your own. Very comfortable room. Christine United States The Lane Hotel Edinburgh From CAD 273.22 per night 9.2 Superb · 1,354 reviews You have to check in at the pub, which is only around the corner from the hotel. Absolutely loved the staff! They were ever so accommodating, especially with complimentary drinks at arrival. Loved the location with it being a good walk to Edinburgh City Centre - where there was a plethora of independent cafes and bakeries selling all sorts of goodies. When you're done exploring Edinburgh, then the bed doesn't go amiss, along with the en suite facility. To reiterate, a great family owned establishment at a great location. Lee United Kingdom Best Western Kings Manor Portobello, Edinburgh From CAD 169.05 per night 8.4 Very good · 5,790 reviews I visited Edinburgh on my own to visit family members who live there, so I only used the hotel as a base while I went out with them. I was a little anxious about booking a single room but was pleasantly surprised by the room I had. It suited my needs exactly, I couldn't have asked for more. I only used the restaurant for breakfast but was very happy with the selection and choice of items on offer. Also the hotel was on a bus route with direct access to the city centre. Susan United Kingdom Leonardo Edinburgh City Edinburgh From CAD 228.99 per night 8.2 Very good · 3,323 reviews The staff was incredible! It's the best part of the Leonardo. They were friendly and helped us in many ways. It's in a decent location - only about 20 minute walk to the Old Town Edinburgh. There are also bus stops very close. We also frequented the bar in the evenings. It was great getting to know the people who worked at the hotel. The breakfasts were also very good. It was a good value, Elizabeth United States Braid Hills Hotel Edinburgh From CAD 160.51 per night 7.6 Good · 3,740 reviews Great hotel. Location is ideal, transport in to Edinburgh city centre is ideal. Bus goes directly from the hotel in to the city, bus price is cheap. Offer free on site parking which meant we had the luxury of being able to leave the car and travel without having to worry about parking. Breakfast had a good selection, food decent. Would definitely recommend to use. Greg United Kingdom The Residence - 47 Minto St Edinburgh 7.2 Good · 500 reviews Location is good as it's around 15-20 mins by walk to old town and touristic attractions. Including car park which is important for someone coming with car. Beds are comfortable and room size is acceptable. I stayed there with my brother and sister and I think one of the best options near city centre for groups of 3 people. I think good value for money. Kerem United Kingdom Novotel Edinburgh Park Edinburgh From CAD 230.53 per night 8.5 Very good · 5,210 reviews We really thought the location was good as it was easy to catch the tram to town or a train to other parts of Scotland. There is shopping across the way for snacks etc. The swimming pool was a great temperature. The best part of this hotel is the wonderful front desk staff. They were extremely helpful, funny and kind. J Julia United States Malmaison Edinburgh Edinburgh From CAD 179.30 per night 7.5 Good · 3,489 reviews Lovely clean hotel in a great location. Breakfast was made to order and delicious. Staff are very polite and helpful. The hotel is surrounded by the best seafood restaurants in Edinburgh. Leith is a great base, lots of lovely restaurants and within easy access to the city centre. Also offers a great bus service. Mairie United Kingdom Cityroomz Edinburgh Edinburgh From CAD 192.96 per night 7.8 Good · 8,442 reviews The location is perfect, in city centre, in walking distance to both the Old Town and the New Town, and this hotel is great value for money. I was worried that the room might be noisy because of the location, but we were in the new part of the hotel and it was very quiet. It was also very clean and comfortable. Vilma Croatia Frederick House Hotel Edinburgh From CAD 298.83 per night 8.3 Very good · 3,797 reviews Big spacious room, considering a single. Central to Edinburgh City centre. Could walk to Royal Mile, castle etc. The restaurant was across the road , for breakfast. Rabbles is excellent quality food, and friendly polite service. They serve meals all day/evening. I got 20%off meals for being at the hotel. Lisa United Kingdom Hotel Du Vin Edinburgh Old Town, Edinburgh From CAD 288.58 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 1,644 reviews Hotel du Vin is in a perfect location for exploring Edinburgh's Old Town. Despite being in the middle of the city, our well-equipped (coffee, iron, refrigerator, safe, bath soaps, etc.) room was very quiet. There are public spaces for relaxation, and many nearby places to eat. It was a good choice. Karen United States Courtyard by Marriott Edinburgh Edinburgh From CAD 216.87 per night 8.3 Very good · 4,304 reviews A short brisk walk from Edinburgh Waverley. The rooms are very clean, modern and nice. The gym is about as functional as a city centre hotel would expect (cables, free weights, bench, running machines, towels, water, eliptical). Staff are all very friendly and helpful. Good WiFi for meetings. George United Kingdom Destiny Scotland Market Street Apartments Old Town, Edinburgh From CAD 284.32 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 1,555 reviews It’s the best location in Edinburgh for easy access to the train station (just across the street), Old Town and New Town. It’s about as central as you can get. The room was clean, modern and had everything we needed. The Passcode made it easy so we didn’t forget a key ever. Anne United Kingdom Holiday Inn Express Edinburgh - Leith Waterfront, an IHG Hotel Edinburgh From CAD 162.21 per night 8.0 Very good · 5,648 reviews Breakfast was lovely, all hot food was plentiful and fresh brought out regularly, great selection of cold options too. Location for us was spot on we caught a local bus to Edinburgh city centre with ease as the bus stop was over the road from our hotel. L Lee United Kingdom Virgin Hotels Edinburgh Old Town, Edinburgh From CAD 399.58 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 2,743 reviews - fantastic location (right in the city centre, close to the old town, the castle and a lot of pubs) - fantastic staff (gave us procecco when arrived and showed us to elevator) - fantastic hotel room (very modern, clean and quiet) - fantastic facilities EPS0805 United Kingdom Destiny Scotland - Hill Street Apartments Edinburgh From CAD 299.68 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 683 reviews Everything! Large 2 bedroom apartment with two large bedrooms, large kitchen, large living room, everything brand new and bright and beautiful! Perfect location within walking distance to old town Edinburgh Victoria Arabelle United States Moxy Edinburgh Fountainbridge Edinburgh From CAD 213.45 per night 8.3 Very good · 4,625 reviews The hotel is within walking distance of the city centre and discounted car parking is available close by. The decor is stylish and it was reasonably priced compared to other chain hotels in Edinburgh. Andrew United Kingdom Leonardo Edinburgh Murrayfield Edinburgh From CAD 144.46 per night 7.8 Good · 6,189 reviews I’ve used this hotel so many times of the past 3 years for work, and also with family. It’s not far from Edinburgh City Centre and having the use of the Swimming Pool/Gym is a nice extra. Martin United Kingdom Hampton By Hilton Edinburgh West End Edinburgh From CAD 230.27 per night 8.1 Very good · 7,588 reviews Lovely staff. Clean spacious room. Excellent breakfast and close to city centre. Parked at Edinburgh Quay as it was cheaper than hotel parking. Gauravjit Singh Brunei Darussalam Dalmahoy Hotel & Country Club Edinburgh From CAD 184.93 per night 8.0 Very good · 7,076 reviews Lovely hotel set in beautiful grounds, not too far from Edinburgh city centre Norman United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in the United Kingdom Eager to explore more of the United Kingdom? Find hotels up and down the country! Hotels near Hamilton Services M74 Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Gleneagles Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Murrayfield Stadium Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Car hire in Edinburgh Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels in Glasgow Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Inverness Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Inverness, also popular with our guests! Flights to Edinburgh Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hotels near Edinburgh Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Edinburgh Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|8,1847760,1833870,1846890,1870380,1871440,1870380|3,1866460,1847760|3