The 10 best hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear - Cheap Newcastle upon Tyne hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Newcastle upon Tyne hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom Tyne and Wear Newcastle upon Tyne Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Newcastle upon Tyne – 100 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Maldron Hotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle City Centre, Newcastle upon Tyne Situated in Newcastle City Centre, Maldron Hotel features free WiFi and a private court yard. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 10,544 reviews Price fromCAD 130.63per night Check availability Grand Hotel Gosforth Park Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne In 12 acres of parkland next to Newcastle Racecourse, this 4-star Grand Hotel Gosforth Park is just 10 minutes’ drive from Newcastle’s centre. Show more 7.3 Good 6,764 reviews Price fromCAD 100.75per night Check availability easyHotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle City Centre, Newcastle upon Tyne Located in Newcastle upon Tyne, easyHotel Newcastle offers contemporary air-conditioned accommodation with WiFi access throughout. The hotel boasts a 24-hour front desk. Show more 7.4 Good 5,294 reviews Price fromCAD 71.70per night Check availability Britannia Hotel Newcastle Airport Hotel in Newcastle Airport, Newcastle upon Tyne The hotel is 300 metres from the terminal building at Newcastle Airport and a 15-minute Metro ride from Newcastle city centre. It has free Wi-Fi, a restaurant and a cocktail bar. Show more 6.7 Pleasant 4,552 reviews Price fromCAD 110.99per night Check availability Grainger Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne With a plasma TV in each guest room, the Grainger Hotel is just a mile from Newcastle’s vibrant centre. It has a 24-hour front desk, a relaxed lounge with Sky TV, and a games room with billiards. Show more 5.0 Average 335 reviews Price fromCAD 99.89per night Check availability Jesmond Dene House Hotel in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne This grand house boasts stylish interiors and luxury accommodation in a parkland setting, just 5 minutes’ drive from the vibrant city centre. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 1,262 reviews Price fromCAD 193.64per night Check availability Best Western New Kent Hotel Hotel in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne Enjoy renowned, warm Geordie hospitality at this privately owned and personally operated family hotel, just minutes from the city centre. Free parking is available but with limited availability! Show more 7.7 Good 1,294 reviews Price fromCAD 106.04per night Check availability Kenilworth Hotel Hotel in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne Located in Jesmond in Newcastle this family-run hotel offers an on-site bar and contemporary accommodation with free WiFi access. Guests benefit from private parking facilities free of charge. Show more 7.9 Good 448 reviews Price fromCAD 109.29per night Check availability INNSiDE by Meliá Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle City Centre, Newcastle upon Tyne Set in Newcastle upon Tyne, 700 metres from Sage Gateshead, Innside by Melia Newcastle offers accommodation with a restaurant, a fitness centre and a bar. Show more 9.1 Superb 5,920 reviews Price fromCAD 153.68per night Check availability Great North Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Situated in Newcastle upon Tyne, 6.8 km from Northumbria University, Great North Hotel features accommodation with a terrace, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Show more 9.0 Superb 3,772 reviews Price fromCAD 136.93per night Check availability See all 119 hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne Cheapest time to stay in Newcastle upon Tyne In January you can stay in Newcastle upon Tyne for an average price of CA$115 per night CA$230CA$184CA$138CA$92CA$46CA$0 CA$115 Jan CA$132 Feb CA$142 Mar CA$142 Apr CA$142 May CA$177 Jun CA$148 Jul CA$143 Aug CA$170 Sep CA$152 Oct CA$158 Nov CA$152 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne in the past month See all Leonardo Hotel Newcastle - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 7.9 Good · 2,508 reviews Motel One Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 8.7 Fabulous · 7,424 reviews County Hotel & County Aparthotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 8.0 Very good · 5,230 reviews Royal Station Hotel- Part of the Cairn Collection Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 7.4 Good · 10,056 reviews Grand Hotel Gosforth Park Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 7.3 Good · 6,765 reviews Leonardo Hotel Newcastle Quayside - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 7.9 Good · 2,421 reviews Maldron Hotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 8.8 Fabulous · 10,544 reviews INNSiDE by Meliá Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 9.1 Superb · 5,920 reviews Ramada Encore Newcastle-Gateshead Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 7.8 Good · 3,988 reviews Sleeperz Hotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Popular with guests booking hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne 8.3 Very good · 7,595 reviews Newcastle upon Tyne's best hotels with breakfast See all Caledonian Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Breakfast options With a stylish bistro and sun terrace, Caledonian Hotel offers spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi. The hotel is in the cosmopolitan Jesmond area, just a mile from Newcastle city centre. Location was awesome for Jeanine. Hotel bar was busy. Avg. price/night: CAD 153.85 8.1 Very good · 5,076 reviews Malmaison Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Breakfast options On the banks of the River Tyne, tucked away in Newcastle's vibrant Quayside, this stunning 4-star boutique hotel offers stylish rooms, superb views, a gym, and free WiFi throughout. Lovely hotel. Friendly staff. Delicious breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 145.15 8.5 Very good · 4,151 reviews Jesmond Dene House Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Breakfast options This grand house boasts stylish interiors and luxury accommodation in a parkland setting, just 5 minutes’ drive from the vibrant city centre. Staff so efficient and pleasant. Food was fabulous. Avg. price/night: CAD 215.16 8.6 Fabulous · 1,262 reviews Hilton Newcastle Gateshead Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Breakfast options This 4-star hotel looks out over the River Tyne and the Quayside to Newcastle city centre. It has modern, air-conditioned rooms and a health club with gym and indoor pool. Ideal situated for what we wanted , Clean and modern Avg. price/night: CAD 134.99 8.2 Very good · 3,671 reviews DORSET ARMS HOTEL Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Breakfast options Set in Newcastle upon Tyne, 5.7 km from Northumbria University, DORSET ARMS HOTEL offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking and a shared lounge. Everything was first class.so friendly and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 133.71 8.8 Fabulous · 310 reviews Corner House Inn by Greene King Inns Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Breakfast options The Corner House Inn offers comfortable, well-equipped en suite accommodation, free Wi-Fi and free private parking. Discounts offered at local golf and racquets clubs. Friendly staff and Gemma was an excellent hostess. Avg. price/night: CAD 115.26 8.1 Very good · 523 reviews Delta Hotels by Marriott Newcastle Gateshead Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Breakfast options Just off the A1 and right outside the MetroCentre, Europe's largest leisure and retail complex, this 4-star hotel offers a convenient location, luxurious, modern rooms and great comforts and amenities... FREINDLY staff great location and great pool/gym Avg. price/night: CAD 129.78 8.4 Very good · 262 reviews Hotel Express Newcastle Gateshead Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Breakfast options Hotel Express is a contemporary hotel located 1.1 miles from Newcastle city centre and 7 miles from Newcastle International Airport. St. Good staff and good value budget hotel accomodation Avg. price/night: CAD 76.84 5.5 Average · 1,589 reviews Budget hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne See all Osborne Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Budget Hotel The Osborne Hotel is a licensed 22-bedroom hotel with a 2-star rating from Visit Britain. It is situated in Jesmond, 1.5 miles from the centre of Newcastle. Great location and friendly staff Breakfast very nice Avg. price/night: CAD 99.89 8.7 Fabulous · 2,471 reviews Holiday Inn Express Newcastle City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Budget Hotel In the heart of Newcastle, just 500 metres from Newcastle Railway Station, this Holiday Inn Express has a stylish bar and modern bedrooms. Really friendly staff, good location, very comfortable bed. Avg. price/night: CAD 101.59 8.3 Very good · 4,785 reviews Grey Street Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Budget Hotel The 4-star Grey Street Hotel offers boutique rooms with luxury linens and individual feature walls. The hotel is in Newcastle centre, a 2-minute walk from the Theatre Royal. Free WiFi is provided. Central location with easy access to all amenities. Avg. price/night: CAD 146 8.5 Very good · 3,799 reviews County Hotel & County Aparthotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Budget Hotel Newly Refurbished County Hotel is a 4-Star independent hotel that is located in the heart of Newcastle city centre and opposite Newcastle’s Central Rail and Bus Station, this beautifully preserved... The location is perfect for a lone female traveller Avg. price/night: CAD 106.04 8.0 Very good · 5,230 reviews Holiday Inn Express Newcastle Gateshead, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Budget Hotel Conveniently located off the A1 at the Metro Centre, this hotel is 10 minute drive from Newcastle city centre. Very clean and situated around everything you needed Avg. price/night: CAD 84.51 8.3 Very good · 3,544 reviews The Vermont Hotel & Vermont Aparthotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Budget Hotel The Vermont is Newcastle's only 4-star independent hotel. Located next to The Castle, overlooking Newcastle Cathedral and both the Tyne and Millennium Bridges, it has a gym, free Wi-Fi and free... Location amazing Room - large, clean, comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 152.30 8.1 Very good · 3,184 reviews Copthorne Hotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Budget Hotel Overlooking the River Tyne, the Copthorne Hotel Newcastle is located less than a mile from Newcastle Train Station. It offers an on-site fitness room. Very close to the Quayside and overlooking the Tyne river Avg. price/night: CAD 96.72 8.1 Very good · 4,564 reviews Holiday Inn Newcastle Gosforth Park, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Budget Hotel Set in 18 acres of grounds, Holiday Inn Newcastle Gosforth Park is next to the A19/A1 (North). Only 6 miles from Newcastle centre, it is within easy reach of the beautiful Northumbrian coastline. The staff were amazing and very supportive of my run Avg. price/night: CAD 120.47 8.5 Very good · 2,312 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Newcastle upon Tyne See all Otterburn Castle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Central location Set in Newcastle upon Tyne, 43 km from Alnwick Castle, Otterburn Castle offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Breakfast was exelent, eggs freshly made by by odder 9.2 Superb · 423 reviews The Keelman and Big Lamp Brewery Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Central location Situated in Newcastle upon Tyne, 7.2 km from MetroCentre, The Keelman and Big Lamp Brewery features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Room was lovely. Food was great. The location is excellent. Avg. price/night: CAD 128.07 8.3 Very good · 737 reviews Sandman Signature Newcastle Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Central location With a sports bar and grill restaurant, this hotel has a fitness centre and modern rooms with free Wi-Fi. Sandman Signature Newcastle Hotel is next to St James’ Park, home of Newcastle FC. Friendly staff good location fab view of St James Park Avg. price/night: CAD 132.22 7.9 Good · 6,315 reviews Leonardo Hotel Newcastle - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Central location Formerly Jurys Inn, Leonardo Hotel Newcastle is in the city centre, 500 metres from Newcastle Train Station. It has large and light en-suite rooms with power showers. the location was perfect and the price was so good Avg. price/night: CAD 99.89 7.9 Good · 2,508 reviews Leonardo Hotel Newcastle Quayside - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Central location Overlooking the River Tyne and the Millennium Bridge, Leonardo Hotel Newcastle Quayside is just 2 minutes’ walk from the Baltic Centre for Contemporary Art. Really enjoyed our stay once again great location Avg. price/night: CAD 90.67 7.9 Good · 2,421 reviews Hotel Balmoral Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Central location Offering elegant and modern rooms with 40-inch Smart TVs, Hotel Balmoral Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western is 15 minutes’ walk from St James’s Park, home of Newcastle United. Couldn't fault anything, very clean and comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 121.41 7.9 Good · 589 reviews Village Hotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Central location Village Hotel Newcastle is just 15 minutes' drive from Newcastle city centre. The hotel offers a leisure club with a 25-metre pool. It was very nice, clean and breakfast was lovely . Avg. price/night: CAD 107.58 7.9 Good · 1,883 reviews Kenilworth Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Central location Located in Jesmond in Newcastle this family-run hotel offers an on-site bar and contemporary accommodation with free WiFi access. Guests benefit from private parking facilities free of charge. Quite place, relatively large rooms, clean, comfortable. Avg. price/night: CAD 109.29 7.9 Good · 448 reviews FAQs about hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne? On average, 3-star hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne cost CAD 142 per night, and 4-star hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne are CAD 199 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne can on average be found for CAD 324 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne this weekend is CAD 218 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 319. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne for this weekend cost on average around CAD 388 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 136 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 240 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne will cost around CAD 237 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne are good for families? Many families visiting Newcastle upon Tyne loved staying at Otterburn Castle, Great North Hotel and INNSiDE by Meliá Newcastle. What are the best hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne near MetroCentre? Some of the best hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne near MetroCentre include Delta Hotels by Marriott Newcastle Gateshead, Hoppers Cottage Guest House and Holiday Inn Express Newcastle Gateshead, an IHG Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Newcastle upon Tyne? INNSiDE by Meliá Newcastle, Great North Hotel and Otterburn Castle are some of the popular hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne. What hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Otterburn Castle, Osborne Hotel and Hotel Du Vin Newcastle. What hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne are good for couples? These hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne are highly rated by couples: Otterburn Castle, INNSiDE by Meliá Newcastle and Great North Hotel. What hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne have nice views? Copthorne Hotel Newcastle, INNSiDE by Meliá Newcastle and DORSET ARMS HOTEL have received great reviews from travellers in Newcastle upon Tyne regarding the views from their hotel rooms. The Spirit of the North A former Industrial Revolution hub, Newcastle has reinvented itself into a vibrant, forward-thinking city. Although no longer brewed here, Newcastle Brown Ale, or Newkie Brown, is synonymous with the city, so it’s no surprise that the nightlife is fantastic. From the O2 Academy to the Sage Music Centre, the Newcastle music venues are among the best in England. The city also has a thriving arts scene, including The Biscuit Factory – Britain’s largest original art store. Equally as good is the Newcastle shopping. The Central Arcade is in an attractive Victorian building, and across the River Tyne in Gateshead is the Metro Centre, Europe’s largest shopping and leisure complex. Indeed, these 2 cities have a healthy rivalry that plays out in sport, architecture and, sometimes, the bizarre. Gateshead boasts the Angel of The North, a huge statue that is already its most recognised (and controversial) symbol. While in Newcastle the Vampire Rabbit sits above a door near St Nicholas’ Cathedral. Newcastle United Football Club has the most prestigious record, but Gateshead Stadium has seen many a star compete at its international athletics meets. To the west of the city are some remains of Hadrian’s Wall and further north is Newcastle Airport. See Booking.com for a range of accommodation all over this happening city. Learn more about visiting Newcastle upon Tyne 22 attractions 26 points of interest 5 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Newcastle upon Tyne: 10 Amazing city! Amazing city! I went for a conference but wish I had more time to explore. The city centre was lovely, lots of things to see, Baltic Centre, the river, bridges, incredible roast dinner at the vegan Ship pub in Osbourne, Children's book centre... architecture. Oh, and brilliant people Horn 10 Newcastle is a bustling place with lots to do and places to... Newcastle is a bustling place with lots to do and places to see. We went to see an Argentian band called the Cabeytu Brothers at the Irish Centre in Tyneside which was the reason that we went. We tend to see them most years as they do a UK Tour around November time and also when we go to see them in Benidorm where they play all year round. We ate in a fabulous Indian Restaurant called Khai Khai and we also ate in a fantastic restaurant called Cosmos which aws recommended to us. This offered a buffer experience where food was based on chinese predominently but also included food such as chilli, pizza and live cooking where you can ask the chef to cook you a burger or fish for example. Both places were spotlessly clean and reasonably priced. Everywhere in Newcastle is more of less walking distance and there are markets, shopping centres etc. I feel it is a must for everyone to go here even if it is only for one trip. We also went to a nightclub called Flares which is a mixed age group and the cream of the crop for me was a place called Hoochie Coochie which played Jazz and Soul Music. Nice place to get dressed up for and is for the more mature age group. Highly recommended. debgou United Kingdom 10 A great city only wish we had longer. A great city only wish we had longer. Great Christmas market and shops. We ate at Portifinos Italian restaurant, excellent value for money and the best turf & surf I've ever had, the steak cooked to perfection. We went to watch Newcastle play Chelsea WHAT a day ! United Kingdom 8.0 Dry lively city long queues at the bars it’s not a night out... Dry lively city long queues at the bars it’s not a night out for the faint hearted. The Quayside is a little quieter but a steep hill back up to the city and station. Bar One has great food and atmosphere. michael United Kingdom 10 A great city. A great city. Lively, attractive architecture, great shopping and music venues. Food at Grainger market superb, 4 used record stores in close walking distance! Students enliven the place from the 2 universities. Michael United Kingdom 10 Great city, great people. Great city, great people. We really enjoyed our long weekend. Buoyant night life. Great variety of dining. Seeing the Millennium Bridge tilt was a real highlight. The engineering of the Tyne bridge and the way it seems to sit on the rooftops of buildings is breathtaking. The local trains are frequent, punctual and reasonably priced. Indian, Italian and fine dining all excellent. Maureen United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne See all County Hotel & County Aparthotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 91 per night 8.0 Very good 5,232 reviews The hotel is situated across the road from Newcastle railway station. It is also very close to the bus stop for the Newcastle to Amsterdam ferry transfer. The public areas are clean and tidy. The front desk staff were pleasant. Breakfast is a hot and cold buffet, nice and tasty. Our room was clean and tidy and warm and comfortable. The shops, bars and cafes of Newcastle are a few minutes walk away either in the city centre or on the Quayside Show more Show less Stuart United Kingdom Maldron Hotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 121 per night 8.8 Fabulous 10,545 reviews Very nice high quality modern hotel smack in the main part of Newcasle and a relief from the busy street - in our room no noise right in the city centre. We booked last minute and still got a very good price. Are there better hotels yes problay but with that price and location I think not Show more Show less Michael United Kingdom Hotel Du Vin Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 137 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,357 reviews As always on arrival, the staff are so polite and professional. We paid for an upgrade which was well worth it. Newcastle is such a vibrant city centre and such a lovely place to stay. A gorgeous hotel, the breakfast was amazing, and looking forward to our next stay already! Show more Show less Ian United Kingdom Great North Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 105 per night 9.0 Superb 3,772 reviews Nice hotel , very friendly staff, lovely bar just right next door, buses and metro basicly on your door step so easy to get into city centre. Would definitely book here again when am next visiting in Newcastle. And would recommend to anyone looking for a decent hotel. Show more Show less Marcia United Kingdom Holiday Inn Newcastle Gosforth Park, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 116 per night 8.5 Very good 2,312 reviews - staff were exceptionally friendly - good buffet breakfast - good sized family rooms - not much around the hotel itself but a good base for visiting various spots in Northumberland and also Newcastle city centre - free car parking - great to have a pool too Show more Show less D United Kingdom Hampton by Hilton Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 119 per night 8.3 Very good 5,093 reviews Central hotel , high standard accomodation and staff. Exceptionally clean and good sized rooms . Breakfast good and facilities high standard. Very handy for Newcastle station,Metro and City Centre Show more Show less Nedved United Kingdom Copthorne Hotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 97 per night 8.1 Very good 4,566 reviews Great location to stay. Staff very friendly, breakfast very tasty and room very clean. restaurants and bars in walking distance. Hotel has a carpark which is £10 per day. Show more Show less jean United Kingdom Royal Station Hotel- Part of the Cairn Collection Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 91 per night 7.4 Good 10,063 reviews This was one of the most exceptional hotels I've ever had the pleasure of staying in. It was so in character to a Victorian hotel but with modern comfort Show more Show less keith Australia Ramada Encore Newcastle-Gateshead Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 90 per night 7.8 Good 3,991 reviews great location £5 for parking compared to £20 with other hotels for of site parking rooms clean great place to stay very close to Newcastle city centre Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom Leonardo Hotel Newcastle Quayside - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 91 per night 7.9 Good 2,424 reviews good location for most amenities in newcastle we were at concert at utilita arena but was within walking distance Excellent hotel Show more Show less Gillian United Kingdom Sleeperz Hotel Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 77 per night 8.3 Very good 7,595 reviews The hotel is a short walk from the Central Station and in a very convenient location to explore Newcastle upon Tyne. Show more Show less Hanni South Africa Whites Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 78 per night 6.9 Review score 1,898 reviews Very nice location & hotel very easy access to Newcastle City centre via train Show more Show less jennifer1234 United Kingdom 91 Aparthotel Jesmond Road Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 91 per night 8.2 Very good 1,359 reviews Amazing accommodation at an amazing value compared to hotels in the same area Show more Show less Kabir United Kingdom Osborne Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 69 per night 8.7 Fabulous 2,471 reviews Friendly, knowledge staff. Hotel was very clean, good breakfast Show more Show less Stan United Kingdom Malmaison Newcastle Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 140 per night 8.5 Very good 4,152 reviews That the hotel was located right near the Millenium Bridge. Show more Show less Mart United States Caledonian Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 97 per night 8.1 Very good 5,076 reviews Great value hotel minutes away from Newcastle city centre Show more Show less Carl United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Budget Hotels in Newcastle upon Tyne Explore more great accommodation options in Newcastle upon Tyne, starting with budget hotels. Hotels with Parking in Newcastle upon Tyne More great accommodation options for your trip. Hostels in Newcastle upon Tyne More great accommodation options for your trip. Flights from London to Newcastle upon Tyne Find and compare the best flights. Hotels in Newcastle City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Jesmond Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Manchester Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Manchester, also popular with our guests! Hotels in Leeds Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels near Newcastle Train Station Perfect for local transport links. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Newcastle upon Tyne Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|3,1846890,1833870,1847760,1866460,1870380,1847760|3,1871440,1870380|7