The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Montréal, Canada - Montréal hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Montréal Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Montréal hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada Quebec Montréal Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Montréal – 694 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Travelodge by Wyndham Montreal Centre 3 stars Hotel in Downtown Montreal, Montréal Located in Downtown Montreal, Travelodge by Wyndham Montreal Centre features an on-site restaurant and free WiFi. Kaprije Canada AMAZING LOCATION ,CLEAN ROOM,GREAT STAFF Show more Show less 6.6 Review score 3,029 reviews Price from CAD 134.10 per night Check availability Hôtel Saint-Laurent Montréal 3 stars Hotel in Downtown Montreal, Montréal Located only 5 minutes’ walk from Chinatown and Old Montreal, Hôtel Saint-Laurent Montréal offers free WiFi and a fitness centre. Jessica Canada The place was very clean, the people who work there were very friendly and explain everything when arriving and leaving. Show more Show less 8 Very good 2,794 reviews Price from CAD 119 per night Check availability Le Square Phillips Hôtel & Suites 4 stars Hotel in Downtown Montreal, Montréal An indoor pool, a gym and a sun deck are located on the roof at Le Square Phillips Hôtel & Suites. Modern suites provide full kitchen facilities, and Mcgill University is 950 meters away. shlomo Israel The central location and excellent staff Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 3,256 reviews Price from CAD 179 per night Check availability Hotel Newstar Montréal 3 stars Hotel in Saint Leonard, Montréal This hotel is located 7 km from downtown Montreal and 5.4 km from the Montreal Botanical Gardens. It features free WiFi access and a bar. Widline Canada Accessible, parking space, clean and comfy bed Show more Show less 6.1 Review score 1,790 reviews Price from CAD 94 per night Check availability Hotel Faubourg Montreal Centre-Ville Downtown 3 stars Hotel in Downtown Montreal, Montréal Located in downtown Montreal, Hôtel Faubourg Montréal is just 10 minutes' walk from St. Laurent Street, and only steps away from the historical Chinatown, a local heritage site. Sharon Australia Great location, friendly staff, room as described Show more Show less 7.4 Good 3,523 reviews Price from CAD 139 per night Check availability Holiday Inn Montreal Centre Ville Downtown, an IHG Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Downtown Montreal, Montréal Located across the Montreal Convention Centre and 20 minutes’ drive from the airport, Holiday Inn Montreal Centre Ville Downtown offers free WiFi. The hotel features an indoor pool and fitness centre.... Pascal United States close to everything except shopping area Show more Show less 7.8 Good 1,637 reviews Price from CAD 161.10 per night Check availability Empire Suites 4 stars Hotel in Downtown Montreal, Montréal Empire Suites is located in the Quartier des Spectacles district in Montréal, 1 km from Place des Arts. Guests can enjoy a breakfast at the restaurant. Becky Australia The bed was super comfy the staff are lovely and helpful. I would definitely be back Show more Show less 5.4 Review score 774 reviews Price from CAD 104 per night Check availability Hotel Zero 1 Montreal 3 stars Hotel in Downtown Montreal, Montréal This modern hotel features an outdoor terrace offering panoramic views of downtown Montréal’s Quartier des Spectacles. A kitchenette is featured in all guest rooms. Tyler United States Spacious, modern room. Great location and amenities. Staff was also super friendly and helpful. Loved it! Show more Show less 7.9 Good 2,114 reviews Price from CAD 152.10 per night Check availability Best Western Ville-Marie Hotel & Suites 4 stars Hotel in Downtown Montreal, Montréal Just steps from popular Mount Royal Park and offering easy access to many downtown Montreal attractions, this hotel features a business centre, fitness centre and free in-room WiFi. Kanishk Jain India Good value for money. Staff were polite and professional. Rooms were very clean. Show more Show less 7.7 Good 1,224 reviews Price from CAD 139.49 per night Check availability Hotel Montreal Metropolitain 4 stars Hotel in Montréal Hotel Montreal Metropolitain has a fitness centre, shared lounge, a restaurant and bar in Montréal. With free WiFi, this 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Alisa United States The hotel has a great entrance with beautiful art work Show more Show less 6.9 Review score 1,552 reviews Price from CAD 125.99 per night Check availability See all 218 hotels in Montréal Cheapest time to stay in Montréal In January you can stay in Montréal for an average price of CA$127 per night CA$287CA$229CA$172CA$115CA$57CA$0 CA$127 Jan CA$137 Feb CA$142 Mar CA$154 Apr CA$173 May CA$222 Jun CA$195 Jul CA$212 Aug CA$195 Sep CA$177 Oct CA$143 Nov CA$150 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Montréal in the past month See all Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown- Hotel Europa Hotel in Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 7.4 Good · 2,311 reviews Hôtel Saint-Laurent Montréal Hotel in Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 8.0 Very good · 2,794 reviews Hotel Chrome Montreal Centre-Ville Hotel in Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 6.0 Pleasant · 4,462 reviews Hotel Montreal Metropolitain Hotel in Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 6.9 Pleasant · 1,552 reviews Days Inn by Wyndham Montreal East Hotel in Saint Leonard, Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 6.1 Pleasant · 3,183 reviews Hotel les Suites Labelle Hotel in Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 7.9 Good · 2,381 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Montreal Centre-Ville Hotel in Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 8.2 Very good · 3,001 reviews Travelodge by Wyndham Montreal Centre Hotel in Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 6.6 Pleasant · 3,027 reviews Quality Inn Centre-Ville Hotel in Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 7.9 Good · 2,924 reviews L'Appartement Hôtel Hotel in Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Popular with guests booking hotels in Montréal 8.4 Very good · 4,492 reviews Montréal's best hotels with breakfast See all Hyatt Place Montreal - Downtown Hotel in Montréal Breakfast options Ideally situated in the centre of Montréal, Hyatt Place Montreal - Downtown features 3-star accommodation close to Clock Tower Beach and Berri Uqam Metro Station. Exceptional hotel , very clean and excellent staff Avg. price/night: CAD 228.93 8.3 Very good · 1,506 reviews Hotel St.Thomas Hotel in Montréal Breakfast options Hotel St.Thomas has a restaurant, free bikes, and bar in Montréal. Each accommodation at the 4-star hotel has city views, and guests can enjoy access to a nearby spa and wellness centre. Kindness of the staff, room comfortable, good position Avg. price/night: CAD 246.32 8.7 Fabulous · 1,023 reviews Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites - Montreal Centre-ville Ouest, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Montréal Breakfast options Offering a sun terrace and hot tub, Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites - Montreal Centre-ville Ouest is situated in Montréal. The hotel has a sauna and indoor pool, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar. Great, quick check-in and check-out. Superior location. Avg. price/night: CAD 191.17 8.5 Very good · 2,397 reviews Le Square Phillips Hôtel & Suites Hotel in Montréal Breakfast options An indoor pool, a gym and a sun deck are located on the roof at Le Square Phillips Hôtel & Suites. Modern suites provide full kitchen facilities, and Mcgill University is 950 meters away. Breakfast was really good. Place was keep really clean Avg. price/night: CAD 213 8.8 Fabulous · 3,255 reviews L'Appartement Hôtel Hotel in Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Breakfast options Located 2 blocks from McGill University and 10 minutes' walk from the Place des Arts, this hotel features a rooftop sundeck with views of the Montreal skyline. Lovely breakfast, superb facilities, friendly staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 177.30 8.4 Very good · 4,492 reviews InterContinental Montreal, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Montréal Breakfast options Connected to the Montreal Convention Centre, InterContinental Montreal is only minutes away from historical Old Montreal. This modernly-furnished hotel offers on-site dining and a fitness centre. The staff was absolutely amazing and accomodating. Avg. price/night: CAD 238.01 8.4 Very good · 1,451 reviews Novotel Montreal Center Hotel in Montréal Breakfast options Conveniently located 290 meters from the Bell Centre, this Montréal hotel features contemporary accommodation and on-site dining. A modern gym is available and the hotel offers tour information. location, cosy, warm atmosphere, and value for money Avg. price/night: CAD 172.56 8.3 Very good · 1,457 reviews LHotel Hotel in Montréal Breakfast options LHotel is a 19th-century hotel located in Old Montréal, less than 10 minutes' walk from Palais des Congrès Convention Centre. It offers an on-site bar, art gallery and free WiFi. Idéal location. Clean and comfortable. Staff were wonderful Avg. price/night: CAD 233.25 8.3 Very good · 1,028 reviews Budget hotels in Montréal See all Best Western Plus Hotel Montreal Hotel in Montréal Budget Hotel Located in the Quartier des Spectacles district in Montréal, Best Western Plus Hotel Montreal features air-conditioned rooms and private parking. Valet parking is also provided, with surcharge. the politeness of the staff, room comfortable and great location Avg. price/night: CAD 138.15 8.0 Very good · 2,935 reviews Le Dauphin Montréal Centre-Ville Hotel in Montréal Budget Hotel This hotel, located in the center of Montréal’s business district, is 4 minutes' walk from Bonaventure Station. All rooms are equipped with a computer with free WiFi access. Very nice facilities and extremely helpful and attentive staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 159.45 8.9 Fabulous · 2,229 reviews Hôtel Saint-Laurent Montréal Hotel in Montréal Budget Hotel Located only 5 minutes’ walk from Chinatown and Old Montreal, Hôtel Saint-Laurent Montréal offers free WiFi and a fitness centre. It was a great size room and location was perfect. Avg. price/night: CAD 141.62 8.0 Very good · 2,794 reviews Manoir Sherbrooke Hotel in Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Budget Hotel Situated in the heart of downtown Montreal, and only minutes from many area attractions, the historic Manoir Sherbrooke blends old-world charm with all of today's modern conveniences. Good stay. Good staff. Walked where we needed to go Avg. price/night: CAD 179.92 8.9 Fabulous · 3,148 reviews Ambrose House & Cafe - SELF CHECK-IN GUESTHOUSE Hotel in Montréal Budget Hotel Located in downtown Montreal, this charming 19th century Victorian-style hotel is only minutes from the Peel metro station. Free WiFi is available. Very nice location. The building has a nice charme. Avg. price/night: CAD 142.79 8.2 Very good · 694 reviews Le Chabrol Hotel & Suites Hotel in Notre-Dame-de-Grace, Montréal Budget Hotel Le Chabrol Hotel & Suites is located 8 km from Montréal city centre. A Passport or Piece of I.D with Photo and address is necessary for check-in. Free WiFi access is available. Extremely comfortable beds and lovely, helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 152.49 7.0 Good · 1,013 reviews Hotel Newstar Montréal Hotel in Saint Leonard, Montréal Budget Hotel This hotel is located 7 km from downtown Montreal and 5.4 km from the Montreal Botanical Gardens. It features free WiFi access and a bar. The area was amazing. Very nice building and room. Avg. price/night: CAD 141.60 6.1 Pleasant · 1,790 reviews Hotel Casa Bella Hotel in Montréal Budget Hotel Centrally located in downtown Montreal, this boutique hotel is 10 minutes' drive from historic Old Montreal. Hotel Casa Bella offers free WiFi and spacious rooms. Great location, great price, comfy beds, free parking. Avg. price/night: CAD 82.11 6.0 Pleasant · 1,074 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Montréal See all Humaniti Hotel Montreal, Autograph Collection Hotel in Montréal Central location Boasting a terrace, a restaurant as well as a bar, Humaniti Hotel Montreal, Autograph Collection is situated in the centre of Montréal, 2.3 km from Clock Tower Beach. amazing hotel with great service and great location Avg. price/night: CAD 271.32 8.9 Fabulous · 182 reviews Hôtel Le Germain Montréal Hotel in Montréal Central location This modern hotel in central Montreal features a free espresso bar in its hall and WiFi in all rooms. In-room massage and spa services are also offered. Very very comfortable size and proximity to the city Avg. price/night: CAD 291.56 8.9 Fabulous · 351 reviews Hotel Kutuma Hotel in Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Central location Hotel Kutuma is less than 10 minutes' drive from Old Montreal and is 1 km from the Plateau-Mont-Royal neighbourhood. We loved the room, atmosphere, service & location Avg. price/night: CAD 285.59 8.9 Fabulous · 598 reviews Hotel Nelligan Hotel in Montréal Central location Located in Old Montreal, only steps from many attractions, this historic hotel offers European elegance, along with an extensive selection of on-site dining options. The service was outstanding. The location was spot on. Avg. price/night: CAD 303.67 8.9 Fabulous · 820 reviews Hyatt Centric Montreal Hotel in Montréal Central location Located in Montréal, 1.1 km from Clock Tower Beach, Hyatt Centric Montreal provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. The hotel was excellent , very very comfortable beds Avg. price/night: CAD 242.04 8.9 Fabulous · 452 reviews Hôtel Birks Montréal Hotel in Montréal Central location Located in Downtown Montreal, Hôtel Birks offers a street level terrace for the Restaurant Henri Brasserie Française. Clean, comfortable, brilliant staff and good location Avg. price/night: CAD 428.42 8.8 Fabulous · 1,680 reviews Hotel Place D'Armes Hotel in Montréal Central location Set in the heart of Old Montreal, within walking distance to a variety of attractions and Place d'Armes metro, this hotel offers free WiFi, relaxing spa services and gourmet dining options. Concierge Team excellent Restaurant and Bar Team also excellent. Avg. price/night: CAD 303.67 8.8 Fabulous · 1,356 reviews William Gray by Gray Collection Hotel in Montréal Central location Featuring free WiFi and a sun terrace, William Gray by Gray Collection offers accommodation in Montréal. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Private parking is available on site. outstanding in all and the restaurant too its great Avg. price/night: CAD 343.89 8.8 Fabulous · 448 reviews FAQs about hotels in Montréal How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Montréal? On average, 3-star hotels in Montréal cost CAD 155 per night, and 4-star hotels in Montréal are CAD 230 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Montréal can on average be found for CAD 454 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Montréal for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Montréal this weekend is CAD 208 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 263. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Montréal for this weekend cost on average around CAD 632 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Montréal for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 172 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Montréal for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 282 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Montréal will cost around CAD 626 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Montréal are good for families? Many families visiting Montréal loved staying at HONEYROSE Hotel, Montreal, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel, The Ritz-Carlton, Montreal and Le Mount Stephen. What are the best hotels in Montréal near Old Port of Montreal? Some of the best hotels in Montréal near Old Port of Montreal include Hôtel Uville Montréal, Le Petit Hotel St Paul by Gray Collection and Hotel Gault. What are the best hotels in Montréal near Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Montréal near Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport (YUL) have said good things about Marriott Montreal Airport In-Terminal Hotel, Sheraton Montreal Airport Hotel and Aloft Montreal Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Montréal? Hôtel Uville Montréal, HONEYROSE Hotel, Montreal, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel and The Ritz-Carlton, Montreal are some of the popular hotels in Montréal. What hotels in Montréal offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Montréal that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Hôtel de l'ITHQ, The Ritz-Carlton, Montreal and InterContinental Montreal, an IHG Hotel. What hotels in Montréal are good for couples? These hotels in Montréal are highly rated by couples: HONEYROSE Hotel, Montreal, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel, The Ritz-Carlton, Montreal and Le Mount Stephen. What hotels in Montréal have nice views? Hôtel de l'ITHQ, Hotel Gault and Hyatt Place Montreal - Downtown have received great reviews from travellers in Montréal regarding the views from their hotel rooms. A Blend of the Urban and the Outdoors Montreal is the second largest city in Canada and the entry point to Quebec province via Pierre Elliott Trudeau Airport. Montreal truly has it all. Divided into East and West by Boulevard Saint-Laurent, there are several districts to the city, each offering a distinct atmosphere. Downtown is best explored on foot, as you weave your way through skyscrapers and visit museums such as the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. In the winter time you can steer clear of icy paths by heading underground through the passages of the Underground City, full of shops, cinemas and food courts. From here metros will conveniently take you outwards in any direction you might want to go, from the historic Old Montreal to the hip café and restaurant culture of the Quartier Latin-Le Village. In summer, stay closer to the old town and head outdoors in Parc Jean-Drapeau on the St Lawrence River islands of Île Sainte-Helen and Île Notre-Dame. If the weather isn’t fine enough for rowing, water-skiing and beaches then head to the Montreal Casino. Whether you’re visiting for festivals or fashion, gastronomy or culture, with over 190 hotels and B&Bs with Booking.com you’ll find your perfect home away from home. Learn more about visiting Montréal 23 attractions 102 points of interest 20 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Montréal City trip 18,900 reviews Sightseeing 5,811 reviews Road trip 378 reviews Casinos 148 reviews Romantic 4,159 reviews Shopping 3,145 reviews What guests said about Montréal: 8.0 Great city, easy to get around on very accessible... Great city, easy to get around on very accessible underground train network. Lots of wonderful locations like Little Italy, Little Portugal and the Plateau. We loved the Old Port area. Clearly touristy but not over-run. Great little cafes and restaurants and fabulous old buildings. Montreal was my favourite Canadian city. Much more European in vibe than North American. Beautiful old houses and buildings mixed with interesting modern architecture. Loved the Art Gallery. Robert Australia 8.0 Beautiful place. Notre dame is just wow.. Beautiful place. Notre dame is just wow.. Aura was something amazing out of the world experience. Saint Joseph’s oratory was splendid. Loved the European styled buildings. The architecture of the city was lovely to watch. Crème brûlée is one of montreals famous desserts and it was amazing. Premium outlets was really good. Not much rush but the brands were good. Would definitely want to go back Eva Canada 10 Montréal is beautiful & I wished I had more time to spend... Montréal is beautiful & I wished I had more time to spend there but the hotel pricing was just so astronomical high that I was limited. I was also going for major surgery a few days after my trip. This was a bucket list trip. 8.0 Been once before and so a return trip. Been once before and so a return trip. Lots to see and do both on the street and indoors and the people are super friendly (merci bien!). If you arrive by train the station is excellent with super helpful staff and if you used business class like we did the business lounge while waiting for your departure is comfy. Good range of eateries at the station too if you need to grab a spot of breakfast if you arrive early like we did. The museum of fine arts is a bit cheeky though: one gallery that we were keen to see was temporary I’ll closed but no reduction in admission price plus we were asked to make a donation on top of the already quite expensive admission price. A great range of art though, especially the First Nations’ gallery. Eating tip: try Nyk’s Gastro Pub for the ambience and the moules et frittes which are superb and, whisper, as good as those you get in Belgium and France! Stephen United Kingdom 10 The apartment's cleanliness and accuracy impressed, and its... The apartment's cleanliness and accuracy impressed, and its prime location made for a truly authentic Montreal experience, with convenient parking and a lively surrounding area. The Mont-Royal neighborhood's BT 10 Old Montreal is a freindly city with beautiful buildings,... Old Montreal is a freindly city with beautiful buildings, gardens, scupltures, art, restaurants and shops. It is easy to navigate, and most everyone speaks English. It is a very modern city, with a combination of gorgeous old and sleek new architecture. We loved the Cité Mémoire, which brings hisroty to life and is one of the largest outdoor video-projection installations in the world. Elizabeth United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Montréal See all Hotel Place D'Armes Hotel in Montréal From CAD 215.20 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,356 reviews I love the location of the hotel. It's very close to the places I wanted to visit in Old Montreal. Downtown Montreal is within walking distance too! I love the bed. It's so comfortable. I usually don't sleep well in hotels but I slept soundly in this one. I love, love their toiletries. They are Le Labo Santal! The staff are also very helpful and attentive to the requests I've made. The hotel houses a Japanese and French restaurant which makes dining very convenient for me when I was too lazy to dine "out." Show more Show less Ericka Anna Canada Auberge St. Jacques Notre-Dame-de-Grace, Montréal From CAD 105.98 per night 7.9 Good 1,413 reviews Very clean and the bed is comfortable. I forgot to collect belongs from the drawer when checking out. The staff found it while cleaning the room then called my cell phone later. I picked it up from the motel office. Friendly staff! This was actually my 2nd bookings with this motel because we were very impressed by the cleaniness in my first trip. Parking is free and 5 mins driving to the center of Montreal. This motel is absolutely a highly recommended budget hotel close to Montreal downtown! We will definitely come back. Show more Show less Hui Canada L'Appartement Hôtel Hotel in Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal From CAD 149 per night 8.4 Very good 4,494 reviews The hotel, while old fashioned, looked very nice and had a sort of a 1960s charm. The room was quite spacious and clean, and it had a little kitchenette, which was very useful. The staff was very friendly and very quick to respond and solve a small complaint that we had. We also had a top floor room which gave us a very nice view of Montreal. Furthermore, the location was very good, right in the downtown area close to basically everything we needed (bars, restaurants, attractions, Mont Royal, etc. Show more Show less Vlad Netherlands Hotel Quartier Latin Hotel in Montréal From CAD 69 per night 6.6 Review score 2,161 reviews 1st night woken up at 4am by upstairs room with floor stomping, when I addressed it with staff he seems uninterested and did not apologize. On 2nd night woken up by fire alarm at 1:30am, no apologies for that also. Next day, coming back to my room from downtown breakfast, guests loudly having sex in room on same floor. This inconvenience should earn me a couple of free nights. Maybe I’ll find another hotel in the area. I stay there everytime I’m in Montreal, maybe not anymore. Show more Show less Steven Canada Ambrose House & Cafe - SELF CHECK-IN GUESTHOUSE Hotel in Montréal From CAD 120 per night 8.2 Very good 697 reviews The position is perfect to discover Montreal downtown and to stay for a couple of nights just to sleep and relax. The room was very neat and clean. Comfortable bed, air conditioning, new bathroom. The hotel is situated inside an old building which gives you some special sensations but some noise from the neighbours. I was on the third floor with no elevator, but I was helped with my luggage so no problem for me. Generally satisfied regaring this choice. Show more Show less Liuba76 Italy Hôtel Le Germain Montréal Hotel in Montréal From CAD 245 per night 8.9 Fabulous 352 reviews Our stay at Le Germain Montréal was impeccable. Perfectly located downtown Montréal, this hotel delivers on confort, design and charm. Staff was courteous and helpful. Our room was spacious and extremely clean. We also appreciated the free filtered water on every floor. Show more Show less Nicolas Canada Hôtel Birks Montréal Hotel in Montréal From CAD 355.50 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,680 reviews The downtown location was convenient to Mount Royal and Old Town. The hotel amenities were very nice, the room was lovely, and the bed was very comfortable. The room included an Nespresso machine with pods & creams, which was very nice for our early departure. Show more Show less Sarah United States Hotel Chrome Montreal Centre-Ville Hotel in Montréal From CAD 82.80 per night 6.0 Review score 4,463 reviews Located in downtown area, near metro stations and tourist attraction area like Notre Dame, china town and parks. Hassle free if traveling to YUL airport as there is bus 747 which bus stop only in front of the hotel. Show more Show less Ann United Arab Emirates Le Dauphin Montréal Centre-Ville Hotel in Montréal From CAD 129 per night 8.9 Fabulous 2,229 reviews Wonderful location - very convenient and accessible to Downtown, old Montreal, and Chinatown. Excellent staff to help me over early check-in and my lost item. The modern design of the hotel and interior are great. Show more Show less Ho Tin Canada Best Western Ville-Marie Hotel & Suites Hotel in Montréal From CAD 139.49 per night 7.7 Good 1,224 reviews The staff was really nice and kind. The room was big, clean and with everything we needed. The position of the Hotel was ideal to visit the city and explore Montreal. Really close to downtown and to the subway. Show more Show less Dario United States Hotel Faubourg Montreal Centre-Ville Downtown Hotel in Montréal From CAD 139 per night 7.4 Good 3,523 reviews Hotel was right near many attraction of downtown Montreal. Hotel we're clean and comfortable. The hot breakfast served in the morning was a great change to traditional breakfast served at other hotels. Show more Show less Jean-francois Canada Courtyard by Marriott Montreal Downtown Hotel in Montréal From CAD 152.10 per night 8.5 Very good 1,327 reviews Excellent location close to Old Montreal and downtown. I loved the ease of transportation from the airport to this hotel. The best part was the staff. They were friendly, helpful and all around excellent. Show more Show less Brenna Canada Le Relais Lyonnais Hotel in Montréal From CAD 159 per night 9.1 Superb 189 reviews Very quaint. Chic. Clean. Well appointed. fresh coffee in the morning. Parking in downtown Montreal 1 minute walk from hotel. The owner was very kind and accommodating Thank you for your hospitality. Show more Show less Michael Canada LHotel Hotel in Montréal From CAD 176.80 per night 8.3 Very good 1,028 reviews in walking distance to everything in old town and downtown Montreal. The front desk gave us good suggestions of restaurant. The room style was wild and interesting. Show more Show less Yi United States HONEYROSE Hotel, Montreal, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel Hotel in Montréal From CAD 203 per night 9.4 Superb 312 reviews Great new hotel in Montreal. Location is perfect for downtown. Very clean and the staff were awesome, friendly and kind. Show more Show less Mark Canada Hilton Garden Inn Montreal Centre-Ville Hotel in Montréal From CAD 126.65 per night 8.2 Very good 3,001 reviews If you are going to montreal, the location of this hotel is perfect. Close to old montreal and downtown. Show more Show less Michael Canada Hôtel Le Cantlie Suites Hotel in Montréal From CAD 143 per night 8.0 Very good 2,148 reviews Location. You can literally walk to anywhere in downtown and old town of Montreal from the hotel. Show more Show less Jonghwi Thailand Best Western Plus Montreal Downtown- Hotel Europa Hotel in Montréal From CAD 119 per night 7.4 Good 2,312 reviews Best value for a downtown location and a name brand hotel. Show more Show less Jeanne United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Montreal Central Station Book a hotel close to Montreal Central Station, perfect for easy access to local transport links. Hotels in Quebec City Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Ottawa Try another destination popular with our guests. Flights from London to Montréal Find and compare the best flights. Flights to Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport Jet into this airport to explore Montréal at your leisure. Flights to Montréal/St-Hubert Airport Jet into this airport to explore Montréal at your leisure. Hotels near Bell Centre Find the perfect hotel in Montréal with Bell Centre right on your doorstep. Hotels in Laval Find more hotels in a city close to Laval. Hotels in Plattsburgh Find more hotels in a city close to Plattsburgh. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Montréal Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|7,1833870,1846890,1870380,1866460,1870380|3,1871440,1847760|3,1847760