The Best England Hotels – Where To Stay in and around England, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in England, United Kingdom Enter your dates and choose from 101,463 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom England Check out these popular cities in England London 14611 hotels Manchester 1091 hotels Birmingham 1011 hotels Liverpool 1081 hotels Blackpool 896 hotels Leeds 383 hotels Newcastle upon Tyne 390 hotels York 829 hotels Bristol 644 hotels Brighton & Hove 858 hotels Bournemouth 406 hotels Nottingham 372 hotels Stay in England's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Novotel Liverpool Paddington Village 4 stars Hotel in Liverpool City Centre, Liverpool Featuring a fitness centre, a restaurant as well as a bar, Novotel Liverpool Paddington Village is located in the centre of Liverpool, 400 metres from Williamson's Tunnels. The location is great; super close on foot to the city centre, all tourist attractions and the Georgian Quarter, which is full of excellent restaurants and pubs! Show more Show less 9 Superb 2,836 reviews Price from CAD 115 per night Check availability Leven Manchester Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester Located in Manchester and with Canal Street reachable within 60 metres, Leven Manchester provides concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a terrace, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. The room was very cozy and clean. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 2,147 reviews Price from CAD 169 per night Check availability room2 Chiswick Hometel 4 stars Hotel in Chiswick, London Featuring a garden and a bar, room2 Chiswick Hometel is located in London, 3.6 km from Eventim Apollo and 4.2 km from Olympia Exhibition Centre. Love everything about this hotel. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,300 reviews Price from CAD 171 per night Check availability The Kings Arms Hotel in Westminster Borough, London The Kings Arms is ideally situated in the centre of London, and features a terrace, free WiFi and a bar. great location, really well designed room Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 1,087 reviews Price from CAD 410 per night Check availability Lion & Swan Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Congleton Set in Congleton, 12 km from Capesthorne Hall, Lion & Swan Hotel offers accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. Fabulous hotel. Really modern with great customer service. Had 3 meals in total. All were lovely. Manager showed us the live music venue which was great to know about as we are relocating to the area. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,125 reviews Price from CAD 167 per night Check availability Mollie's Motel & Diner Bristol Hotel in Bristol Set in Bristol, 7.1 km from Bristol Zoo Gardens, Mollie's Motel & Diner Bristol offers accommodation with a terrace, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. the friendly staff. the comfy bed Show more Show less 9 Superb 3,618 reviews Price from CAD 120 per night Check availability Sandburn Hall 4 stars Hotel in York Located in York, 13 km from York Minster, Sandburn Hall provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Seemed like it was just built. Very clean elegant style. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 1,496 reviews Price from CAD 186 per night Check availability BrewDog DogHouse Manchester 4 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester Ideally located in the centre of Manchester, BrewDog DogHouse Manchester offers air-conditioned rooms, free bikes, free WiFi and a garden. So exceptional. Love all the details. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 1,206 reviews Price from CAD 179 per night Check availability Bodmin Jail Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Bodmin Situated in Bodmin, 31 km from Newquay Train Station, Bodmin Jail Hotel features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Exceeds expectation. The facilities were excellsnt, the service was way beyond expected and the breakfast was both special and satisfying. The place itself is on the Camel Trail, which suffices great adventure, nature, sightseeing and history. Likewise, the hotel.itself is right by the museum with a lot of historical, not to mention architectual value. The town itself is a way to experience countryside britain, with a nice pub, park and houses. If you want good restaurant, take your bike through the Camel Trail to wadebridge. Best to come when the whether is a little rainly.but not too cold. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 3,297 reviews Price from CAD 306 per night Check availability INNSiDE by Meliá Liverpool 4 stars Hotel in Liverpool City Centre, Liverpool Boasting a fitness centre, a restaurant as well as a bar, INNSiDE by Meliá Liverpool is situated in the centre of Liverpool, 300 metres from Western Approaches Museum. Great location, wonderful breakfast, friendly staff Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 5,841 reviews Price from CAD 147 per night Check availability See all 59,430 hotels in England Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in England with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety 41 5 stars Hotel in Westminster Borough, London 20 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 Thomas Wright House Hotel in Byers Green 20 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Baraset Barn Hotel Hotel in Stratford-upon-Avon 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Dakota Manchester 4 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Stock Exchange Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Pan Pacific London 5 stars Hotel in City of London, London 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 BrewDog DogHouse Manchester 4 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Sandburn Hall 4 stars Hotel in York 20 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 The Kings Arms Hotel in Westminster Borough, London 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Leven Manchester Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester 24 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 See all Most booked hotels in England in the past month See all Britannia Hotel City Centre Manchester 3 stars Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in England 5.8 Review score 22,475 reviews Britannia International Hotel Canary Wharf 4 stars Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London Popular with guests booking hotels in England 5.7 Review score 18,803 reviews Sachas Hotel Manchester 3 stars Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in England 5.7 Review score 13,406 reviews Park Plaza Westminster Bridge London 4 stars Hotel in Lambeth, London Popular with guests booking hotels in England 8.3 Very good 21,162 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel London Stansted Airport 4 stars Hotel in Stansted Mountfitchet Popular with guests booking hotels in England 7.9 Good 13,576 reviews The Cumberland, London 4 stars Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Popular with guests booking hotels in England 8.1 Very good 1,842 reviews Motel One Manchester-Piccadilly 3 stars Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in England 8.6 Fabulous 13,658 reviews Motel One Manchester-Royal Exchange 3 stars Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in England 8.6 Fabulous 11,985 reviews Zedwell Piccadilly Circus Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Popular with guests booking hotels in England 7.5 Good 30,165 reviews Motel One Manchester-St. Peter´s Square 3 stars Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in England 8.9 Fabulous 9,121 reviews England's best hotels with breakfast See all Telegraph Hotel - Coventry Hotel in Coventry City Centre, Coventry Breakfast options Attractively situated in Coventry, Telegraph Hotel - Coventry features air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Exceptionally friendly and professional staff. Styling and decor throughout hotel is fantastic. Show more Show less From CAD 129 per night 9.0 Superb 3,251 reviews Buttermere Court Hotel Hotel in Buttermere Breakfast options Located in Buttermere, 1.6 km from Buttermere, Buttermere Court Hotel provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. the location is perfect, amid Buttermere and Crummock lakes. the staff were really helpful. Show more Show less From CAD 169 per night 9.1 Superb 1,066 reviews The Londoner Hotel in Westminster Borough, London Breakfast options The Londoner features a stunning guest-only club, six concept restaurants and bars including a rooftop lounge, a spa with pool, gym, superfood clinic and beauty salon. We had an outstanding experience at Londoner hotel. Show more Show less From CAD 682 per night 9.0 Superb 3,995 reviews The Maynard Hotel in Grindleford Bridge Breakfast options Set in Grindleford Bridge, 11 km from Chatsworth House, The Maynard offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. fabulous breakfast …mushrooms were very tasty… excellent view from the restaurant on the mountains. Show more Show less From CAD 130 per night 9.0 Superb 1,355 reviews Hart Shoreditch Hotel London, Curio Collection by Hilton Hotel in Hackney, London Breakfast options Conveniently situated in the centre of London, Hart Shoreditch Hotel London, Curio Collection by Hilton provides air-conditioned rooms, free bikes, free WiFi and a fitness centre. Excellent location, wonderful room, immaculately clean. Good gym. The staff is super helpful. Show more Show less From CAD 297 per night 9.0 Superb 2,095 reviews Great North Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne Breakfast options Situated in Newcastle upon Tyne, 6.8 km from Northumbria University, Great North Hotel features accommodation with a terrace, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Everything clean like brand new friendly helpful staff in a good location, great pub and restaurant... Show more Show less From CAD 105 per night 9.0 Superb 3,772 reviews Holiday Inn Express - Bodmin - Victoria Junction, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Bodmin Breakfast options Boasting a terrace and a bar, Holiday Inn Express - Bodmin - Victoria Junction, an IHG Hotel is set in Bodmin, 22 km from Newquay Train Station and 13 km from Eden Project. Ideal in every way,great staff Show more Show less From CAD 115 per night 9.0 Superb 1,078 reviews Stock Exchange Hotel Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester Breakfast options In a prime location in Manchester, Stock Exchange Hotel provides air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, private parking and room service. Every aspect was spot on. The welcome, the room, the staff, the lot. Show more Show less From CAD 273 per night 9.3 Superb 1,998 reviews Budget hotels in England See all room2 Southampton Hometel Hotel in Southampton City Centre, Southampton Budget Hotel Featuring a fitness centre and a shared lounge, room2 Southampton is situated in Southampton, 1.2 km from Southampton Guildhall and 1.4 km from The Mayflower Theatre. Great welcome when we arrived. Room really large and bright. Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 9.0 Superb 1,443 reviews Hotel Football, Old Trafford, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel Hotel in Old Trafford, Manchester Budget Hotel Hotel Football, Old Trafford, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel is located opposite Old Trafford Football Stadium and close to Media City and Manchester City Centre. Free WiFi access is available. Apart from being a stone’s throw away from Old Trafford, this hotel really had everything. Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 9.0 Superb 3,565 reviews Grantham Arms Hotel in Boroughbridge Budget Hotel Located in the town of Boroughbridge, the historic Grantham Arms offers bedrooms just 5 km from Staveley Nature Reserve and Newby Hall & Gardens. Everything, the flowers outside were so pretty, and we had our dinner in the lovely comfortable... Show more Show less From CAD 91 per night 9.0 Superb 1,249 reviews The Burlington Hotel Hotel in Cleethorpes Budget Hotel In the heart of Cleethorpes, The Burlington Hotel offers free high-speed Wi-Fi throughout and free private parking for 5 cars. It is just 20 metres from the central promenade. The staff went, in my opinion, out of their way to ensure our stay was enjoyable. Show more Show less From CAD 101 per night 9.3 Superb 1,460 reviews Bear Of Burton Hotel in Christchurch Budget Hotel Bear of Burton has unique, individually designed bedrooms and a popular local restaurant. Christchurch is just 5 minutes’ drive away. Very comfortable in every way and great attention to details overall. Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 9.3 Superb 1,389 reviews Clementine's Town House Hotel BW Premier Collection Hotel in York Budget Hotel Set in secluded gardens, Clementine's Town House Hotel, BW Premier Collection has free WiFi and characterful rooms. We just found the place once we arrived to York, it was great place to sleep, not a big room (the... Show more Show less From CAD 121 per night 9.1 Superb 2,098 reviews The Resident Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool City Centre, Liverpool Budget Hotel Set in an historical industrial building, the hotel offers modern rooms with kitchenettes. With free Wi-Fi and HD TVs, the hotel is located in the vibrant RopeWalks district. very clean and the staff were exceptional Show more Show less From CAD 79 per night 9.1 Superb 5,699 reviews The Royal Hotel and Bar Hotel in Lancaster Budget Hotel This charming hotel overlooks historic surroundings, The Royal Hotel and Bar provides comfortable, modern en-suite rooms. We really loved our stay at The Royal and it exceeded all of our expectations. Show more Show less From CAD 120 per night 9.0 Superb 1,014 reviews Hotels in England that you can book without a credit card See all Anglers Arms Hotel in Alnwick No credit card needed Anglers Arms features a shared lounge, restaurant, a bar and water sports facilities in Alnwick. This 4-star hotel offers room service. In a quiet nook in the Northumberland countryside, by a beautiful river. Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 8.9 Fabulous 399 reviews Fox & Hounds Hotel Hotel in Lydford No credit card needed Situated on the edge of North Dartmoor between Tavistock and Okehampton, this family-run hotel with à la carte restaurant is open all year round. Lovely Breakfast and Excellent afternoon meals, we stay often on our way to and from Plymouth. Show more Show less From CAD 111 per night 8.4 Very good 525 reviews Farthings Country House Hotel & Restaurant Tunton Hotel in Taunton No credit card needed This elegant 18th-century country house is situated amid the quiet of the Somerset countryside, yet within reach of the M5, just 8 km from Taunton and Ilminster. Friendly staff. Food exceptional Show more Show less From CAD 169 per night 8.5 Very good 360 reviews Alexander Hotel Hotel in South Shore, Blackpool No credit card needed Just off the Promenade, Alexander Hotel provides accommodation 2 minutes’ walk from Blackpool Pleasure Beach. Free Wi-Fi at this guest house. Very friendly staff. Clean room with large TV and coffee/tea facilities. Show more Show less From CAD 26 per night 8.7 Fabulous 73 reviews Star Inn Hotel Hotel in Upton upon Severn No credit card needed Located in Upton upon Severn and with Kingsholm Stadium reachable within 36 km, Star Inn Hotel provides a terrace, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi and a bar. The location was terrible with no parking close to the hotel Show more Show less From CAD 171 per night 6.7 Review score 176 reviews The Woodfield Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Centre, Blackpool No credit card needed Offering modern, comfortable accommodation, The Woodfield Hotel is located less than 0.1 miles from Blackpool Promenade and perfectly located for guests to enjoy all the city has to offer. clean tidy and very welcoming - Rama and Ben were absolutely lovely to us and the children... Show more Show less From CAD 60 per night 7.5 Good 892 reviews The Kings Arms Hotel in Westminster Borough, London No credit card needed The Kings Arms is ideally situated in the centre of London, and features a terrace, free WiFi and a bar. great location, really well designed room Show more Show less From CAD 410 per night 9.4 Superb 1,087 reviews Lion & Swan Hotel Hotel in Congleton No credit card needed Set in Congleton, 12 km from Capesthorne Hall, Lion & Swan Hotel offers accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. Fabulous hotel. Really modern with great customer service. Had 3 meals in total. All were lovely. Show more Show less From CAD 167 per night 9.0 Superb 1,125 reviews FAQs about hotels in England What hotels in England have nice views? Baraset Barn Hotel, Buttermere Court Hotel and The Jockey Club Rooms have received great reviews from travellers in England regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying in England also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Number 38 Clifton, INNSiDE by Meliá Liverpool and INNSiDE by Meliá Newcastle. Which hotels in England are good for families? Many families visiting England loved staying at 41, Thomas Wright House and Bathen House Boutique Hotel. Similarly, The Burlington Hotel, Stock Exchange Hotel and The Savoy are also popular among family travellers. How much is a hotel in England for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 161 per night to book a 3-star hotel in England for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 205 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in England will cost around CAD 313 (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels to stay in England? 41, Pan Pacific London and Thomas Wright House are some of the popular hotels in England. In addition to these hotels, Leven Manchester, The Kings Arms and BrewDog DogHouse Manchester are also popular in England. What hotels in England offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in England that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try 41, Bathen House Boutique Hotel and The Little Mill Inn. Breakfast at these hotels in England are also highly rated: Thomas Wright House, Boutique By Browns and The Jockey Club Rooms. What are the best hotels in England near London Gatwick Airport? Travellers who stayed in England near London Gatwick Airport (LGW) have said good things about Sofitel London Gatwick, Bloc Hotel London Gatwick Airport and Hampton by Hilton London Gatwick Airport. Among the hotels near London Gatwick Airport in England, Hilton London Gatwick Airport, Courtyard by Marriott London Gatwick Airport and Corner House Hotel Gatwick with Holiday Parking have also been highly rated. What hotels in England are good for couples? Couples travelling in England loved staying at 41, Pan Pacific London and Thomas Wright House. Similarly, these hotels in England are highly rated by couples: BrewDog DogHouse Manchester, Vintry & Mercer and The Kings Arms. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in England? On average, 3-star hotels in England cost CAD 191 per night, and 4-star hotels in England are CAD 287 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in England can on average be found for CAD 628 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels in England near Heathrow Terminal 2? Some of the best hotels in England near Heathrow Terminal 2 include Hilton Garden Inn London Heathrow Terminal 2 and 3, Staybridge Suites London Heathrow - Bath Road, an IHG Aparthotel and Aerotel London Heathrow, Terminal 2 & Terminal 3. What are some popular places to stay in and around England? Popular places to stay in England include hotels near Heathrow Terminal 2, The Shard and Wembley Stadium. How much is a hotel in England for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in England this weekend is CAD 250 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 340. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in England for this weekend cost on average around CAD 553 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What is the best neighbourhood to stay in England? Central London, Westminster Borough and Kensington and Chelsea are popular with other travellers visiting England. What are the best cities to stay in England? London, Manchester and Liverpool are popular with other travellers visiting England. How many hotels in England are listed on Booking.com? There are 74,139 hotels in England you can book on Booking.com. The Small Country with Big Appeal For a relatively small country, England certainly manages to pack in a wealth of tourist attractions, from Land’s End all the way to Berwick-upon-Tweed. Words can’t do justice to the capital London - an exciting mix of famous sights, royalty and vibrant life. Manchester, Liverpool and Birmingham are fabulous cities that have emerged from their industrial past to be cutting-edge centres of culture. Newcastle, Leeds and Bristol are well known for their buzzy music scene, while sedate Oxford and Cambridge are famous for their universities and punting. Stately York still maintains its city walls and Windsor has the wonderful castle where the Queen often resides. Sheffield and Derby border the magnificent Peak District, while the Lake District and Yorkshire Dales are close to Blackpool, one of England’s favourite beach destinations. Other very popular beaches are in Brighton, Eastbourne, Torquay and Scarborough. With a beautifully rugged coastline, mystical Cornwall has England hotels in the country, as do the Cotswolds where stone houses line picturesque villages. The Georgian spa cities of Bath and Harrogate also have impressive stone architecture. This is just the tip of the iceberg of what England has to offer, but wherever you visit, you can be sure that Booking.com has a fantastic range of apartments, B&Bs and hotels in England to choose from. Planning a trip? Get inspired by reviews of cities in England 8.0 This small town was very quaint and what you would imagine... This small town was very quaint and what you would imagine as a typical English setting in the Cotswold hills. Northleach has a lovely ambience and is quiet and idyllic. It exhumes peace and quiet, has a beautiful little square with the essentials covered and the church is a marvellous setting to compliment the rest of Northleach. It was an ideal prelude and introduction to the area before we went to Bourton-on-the-Water the next day which is one of the most beautiful places I've visited, certainly in England. If you want a place to escape the hussle and bussle then Northleach and the surrounding area and towns are there to enjoy. This was our first visit to the Cotswolds and we will definitely return to explore it further. Show more Show less Mark United Kingdom 10 A busy little town, upper and lower, with interesting... A busy little town, upper and lower, with interesting places/buildings to see and plenty of little shops to potter in. Some steep streets but the cliff railway provides access up and down between the two halves of the town if required. Fabulous views over the river and countryside, pretty castle gardens and of course the Severn Valley Railway station with wonderful train rides to more pretty places through beautiful countryside. Love this part of England! Show more Show less Jayne United Kingdom 8.0 We stayed at the Milford Arms, Isleworth. We stayed at the Milford Arms, Isleworth. Perfect location for Twickenham Rugby and lots of fellow England supporters staying too. Will book again next Rugby game. Very friendly local pub Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 10 Having lived in York (prior to retiring to Wales) for 9... Having lived in York (prior to retiring to Wales) for 9 years, we have come to know this absolute gem of a City very well. Indeed, far, better than locals who have lived here all of their lives! It is a City which has been occupied, continuously, for 2000 years. Most wonderfully of all, this history is all around you (in the Old City), to see and touch. I love showing friends and family around York, to share with them, what we have learned. I must stop here, or risk writing about specifics, which are simply endless. It is true, what one bygone monarch stated, that; 'The history of England, is to be found in York!' Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 2.0 It was really terrible experience. It was really terrible experience. From the moment I walked in I wanted to leave. Wi-fi didn’t work, floors were disgusting and the pub almost resembled a scene from “This is England”. I couldn’t wait to leave! Show more Show less Lewis United Kingdom 2.0 This area is in desperate need of Government Investment as... This area is in desperate need of Government Investment as it’s is a deprived area of England in my opinion. It’s a shame as the people are very friendly. Show more Show less Paul United Kingdom 8.0 Our short break was specifically for Lionel Ritchie concert,... Our short break was specifically for Lionel Ritchie concert, but from our walks from North Bay to South Bay we are sure we will return. Unfortunately, like many other UK seaside resorts, money needs to be spent on updating. Watch England game I a very friendly pub near The Grand, cannot remember name, but they had scaffolding up. Served excellent pork pies, sausage rolls & scotch eggs at 1/2 time - magic! Show more Show less Ian United Kingdom 6.0 Historical - Joseph Priestly who discoverd... Historical - Joseph Priestly who discoverd "oxygen" lived in cottage by river. More village than town ameneties.Local library. Tea/Coffe houses a few independant shops and hair boutiques.1× Indian restraunt, some take aways, chemist, newsagents. Shut for 5.39. A small supermarket later opening. Good location for Chippenham, Swindon and Avebury - is a Neolithic henge monument containing three stone circles, around the village of Avebury in Wiltshire, like Stonhenge, in southwest England. One of the best known prehistoric sites in Britain, it contains the largest megalithic stone circle in the world. Show more Show less Angela United Kingdom 6.0 Great mixing with visitors in bars from America etc watching... Great mixing with visitors in bars from America etc watching England in the World Cup. Weather was great, so made walking and exploring better. Great food and pubs about. Hyde park and royal Albert Hall were superb. Show more Show less warren United Kingdom 10 It's close to Heathrow airport and Hounslow central tube... It's close to Heathrow airport and Hounslow central tube station is a five minute walk from the hotel. The area is nice and road access from south east England is good without getting caught up in traffic. It's about 45 minutes on the tube to central London. Show more Show less Paul United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in England See all Eastbourne Riviera Hotel Hotel in Eastbourne From CAD 61 per night 7.7 Good 1,513 reviews 4 mins from the pier and can be in town center within 10 mins. Located right on the seafront so i was ready for a bracing walk each day along the front and then into town. Breakfast was excellent with a good choice and served quickly at the table. My room was clean and tidy and bright with ensuite shower and toilet. Adequate for my needs and bed was a bit small for me but mattress comfortable. The price was excellent although eaqrly in the season and hotel pretty much full. Hard working family run and i willgo back on my next trip to England. Show more Show less Mark Austria CiTi Hotel London Luton Hotel in Luton From CAD 58 per night 6.6 Review score 555 reviews The hotel is a 3-minute walk from the train and bus stations, which makes travel from/to London and Luton Airport very easy. It is easy to find. The staff at the reception are friendly and polite. I did not expect luxury. All I needed was a clean quiet room with a comfortable bed and a shower - and I got that. The room was warm, which is a big deal for England, especially this time of the year. It did not have a window, but it worked for me as it meant it was quiet. And it felt safe. Show more Show less Ernest A United Kingdom Reymerston Hall Norwich From CAD 207 per night 9.7 Exceptional 267 reviews The property is located in a quiet isolated area, but within a short distance of some of Norfolk’s best dining experiences! The Hall is full of history and restored to a very high standard. It feels more like visiting family, than a hotel. If bird watching is your thing you will not be disappointed (I was not) To too every thing off the owners source or produce everything locally even down to the homemade washing products!! One of if not the best overnight stays we have had in England! Show more Show less Michelle United Kingdom Holiday Inn Oxford, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Oxford From CAD 144 per night 8.3 Very good 2,514 reviews Ive stayed in many holiday inn hotels as they are in great locations around England and have always have great experiances staying. The oxford Holiday inn was particularly nice - the rooms were extra nice and the dining area felt more formal and intimate than others. The food was all warm and presented beautifully. The bar area was very pleasent- with comfy quiet seating and even board games on offer. Very pleased with this hotel and would recommend for anyone visiting Oxford Show more Show less Claire United Kingdom Leopold Hotel Hotel in Sheffield From CAD 126 per night 8.3 Very good 2,821 reviews I need to call Booking.com because I chose not to stay once I saw the room. The accommodations were like a Motel 6 in the states. Not at all what I expect from a hotel in England. A Premiere Inn would be nicer than this. This was my only booking that truly let me down. After seeing the room, I immediately checked out. I was there for maybe 10 minutes, and got no refund. They said because I booked through Booking.com they could not refund me. Would not stay. Will not return. Show more Show less Jennifer United States Bail House Hotel in Lincoln From CAD 121 per night 7.2 Good 940 reviews I loved the medieval bedroom which the hotel kindly arranged for me. It was amazing to sleep right under a roof built in 1350! Is this the oldest hotel room in England?! Stepping out of the door onto the landing of a comfortable Georgian townhouse was like walking out of a time capsule. I also really appreciated the kind after-arrival call from Emily. Thank you! The location was superb for local pubs, food and I had excellent breakfasts on 3 days in different cafes. Show more Show less Gentle United Kingdom The Palace Hotel Buxton & Spa Hotel in Buxton From CAD 84 per night 6.6 Review score 9,890 reviews The hotel is in a very central location in Buxton and it is easy to travel to destinations around peak district. The hotel reception looks grand. Food was surprisingly tasty and good value and enjoyed how friendly one of the head chef was communicating with guests during evening service. A and e waiting time are much better than south East England I was in and out within 1 hour, however due to a small area a and e closes by early evening. Show more Show less Sian United Kingdom MILL Hotel & Spa Hotel in Chester From CAD 123 per night 8.2 Very good 13,590 reviews The staff at reception and in the restaurant were nice and welcoming. We appreciated the hotel-provided car park across the street. The room had two beds (double and twin) and a good-sized bathroom with a bathtub. At reception, they made us a dinner and breakfast reservation. Dinner at the restaurant was great! The strawberry sundae is one of our highlights from our full trip to England. Loved the view and walking along the canal. Show more Show less Kelly United States The Old Gate Inn by Innkeeper's Collection Hotel in Canterbury From CAD 121 per night 8.5 Very good 944 reviews It was just as expected … a quaint, older, quiet pub and inn. We didn’t want to visit England and stay in a big franchised Hotel. Comfortable bed. The room included a couch (which would make into a bed). The bathroom was very clean and updated. And all of the staff were helpful and friendly. Gave us some great advise on visiting in downtown Canterbury. And dinner was convenient, just ran downstairs. Show more Show less RON United States Sea Spray Hotel Kemptown, Brighton & Hove From CAD 120 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,801 reviews everything about this boutique hotel is amazing. I’ve never seen staff so personable, friendly, helpful and willing to go the extra mile. They helped us get our luggage downstairs to our room, recommended restaurants, served a great breakfast and more. our room was very comfortable as were the beds. in a month of staying in hotels in England, both large and small, this was by far my favorite. Show more Show less Wayne United States Whites Hotel Hotel in Newcastle upon Tyne From CAD 78 per night 6.9 Review score 1,898 reviews Location / walking distance to Metro, restaurants, park, family member's apartment. We bought location (area) at a budget price. Spent rather money on our Graduate. After being in Switzerland, France and in a London Airbnb, we realized that choosing accommodations in England the trade-off between price and comfort has to be very carefully evaluated. Show more Show less Oliver United States Royal Hotel Hotel in Scarborough From CAD 84 per night 6.8 Review score 6,798 reviews everything,Location in one of Englands most charming historic fishing towns,world traveller with experience of hotels all over the world old,isitrd by aristocracy for over a Hundred years known it all my life,Good enough for Winston Churchill and aristocracy good enough for me.and with booking com the price for me makes it a bucket list,I could live here! Show more Show less Stephen United States Staybridge Suites Brighton, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Brighton & Hove From CAD 131 per night 8.8 Fabulous 949 reviews New hotel with an unusual arrangement of a room and a mini kitchen as part of it. It works well. Good buffet breakfast. We had a parking arrangement with Your Parking Space with was about £26 for two days. Very good as it is 4 min walk away. Sainsbury's Brighton, 27 New England Street, Brighton, BN1 4GQ. Very good staff at the hotel Show more Show less Michael United Kingdom West Court- Jesus College Hotel in Cambridge From CAD 200 per night 9.0 Superb 3,042 reviews new and clean property from Jesus college at the centre of Cambridge. This apartment is the finest accommodation during my trip to England, offering a fine kitchen, a lovely balcony. you got the chance to visit some colleges nearby such as trinity, Jesus, Magdalene etc. besides, breakfast here if fantastic! definitely recommend. Show more Show less ANGE China Holiday Inn Leicester City, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Leicester From CAD 129 per night 8.4 Very good 2,500 reviews The staff are absolutely brilliant. Every member of staff went above and beyond. I have never experienced this level of customer service in a hotel in England before now. The facilities and room were comfortable and affordable. It was truly relaxing and a breath of fresh air from the outside world. Thank you all so so much Show more Show less Harleen United Kingdom George Hotel, Best Western Signature Collection Hotel in Norwich From CAD 106 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,122 reviews Wonderful ambiance of this charming hotel. Food in restaurant was delicious , the best we ate in England. The staff in the restaurant were very accommodating and friendly. Breakfast was good with several choices and they happily made lattes. The front desk was very helpful in getting us taxis and giving directions. Show more Show less Barbara Canada La Fattoria Durham From CAD 162 per night 8.2 Very good 143 reviews One of the best Italian meals we had in England (if not the BEST) We spent two nights at La Fattoria. On both evenings we ate in the restaurant - the food, cooked by Max, service and wine were exceptional. We would recommend La Fattoria to everyone and of course will return whenever we're near Durham. Show more Show less wega United Kingdom Holiday Inn Southampton, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Southampton From CAD 109 per night 8.0 Very good 2,790 reviews Location close to the Cruise Terminal was great. Southampton is a major cruise port in Southern England. The bed was comfortable. Dinner in the hotel restaurant was just okay. It's a bar/cafe combo without much variety. Staff handled an issue with the room well (and seemed embarrassed as well). Show more Show less Bruce United States Hampton by Hilton Oxford Hotel in Oxford From CAD 157 per night 8.0 Very good 3,197 reviews Nice business class hotel with all the comforts and amenities of a modern hotel. Nice functional bathroom, roomy shower, working air conditioner, large-ish room. They have a bar. Breakfast was pretty decent. A welcome respite after all the 'charming' little hotels in England. Show more Show less edmond United States The Pier Hotel in Portsmouth From CAD 238 per night 9.3 Superb 133 reviews The staff/owners were absolutely lovely. They made every effort to anticipate our every need and to make us comfortable. The hotel is adorable. Nice little "extra touches" throughout. What a great stay! This was the highlight of our entire 3 week trip to England. Show more Show less Elizabeth United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Visit York From attractions to accommodation, everything you need to know about staying in one of the area's most popular cities. Hotels near London Heathrow Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Manchester Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in the United Kingdom Set off to explore the whole country. Spa Hotels in England Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. B&Bs in England Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Lake District Hit the road and make the most of your trip by discovering another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels in Scotland Discover another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels near O2 Arena Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440