The Best Santorini Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Santorini, Greece Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Santorini, Greece Enter your dates and choose from 1,918 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Greece Santorini Check out these popular cities on Santorini Fira 317 hotels Oia 282 hotels Imerovigli 183 hotels Kamari 177 hotels Firostefani 77 hotels Perissa 137 hotels Karterados 68 hotels Akrotiri 95 hotels Pirgos 103 hotels Perivolos 43 hotels Megalokhori 67 hotels Monolithos 16 hotels Stay in Santorini's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Nautilus Dome 4 stars Hotel in Fira Located 2 km from Fira, Nautilus Dome Suites is built on the side of the caldera and features a pool surrounded by a wooden deck with sun loungers and umbrellas. This is the perfect place for a family to stay while visiting Santorini. The shuttle for the quick drive into Fira was extremely convenient as there is not much around the hotel. The breakfast was wonderful and had a huge variety of options. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 1,109 reviews Check availability Akrotiri Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Akrotiri Hotel Akrotiri is enjoying a prime waterfront location in Akrotiri beach, near Santorini’s famous Red Beach and the archaeological site. so clean and close to the historic place n beach Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 1,014 reviews Check availability Santorini Kastelli Resort 5 stars Hotel in Kamari Santorini Kastelli Resort enjoys a secluded location just 2 minutes’ walk from the beach of Kamari. Such a beautiful resort, central location, friendly and helpful staff! Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 1,130 reviews Check availability Elessa Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Pirgos Situated in Pirgos, 5.5 km from Santorini Port, Elessa Hotel features accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Exceptional guest service, very organised & attentive to detail and a kind, warm professional manner. Highly recommend!!!! Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 145 reviews Check availability Meroviglia Boutique Hotel Hotel in Imerovigli Located in Imerovigli, Meroviglia Boutique Hotel features a garden, restaurant, bar, and free WiFi throughout the property. The property was beautiful. The main building has been modernised while beautifully maintaining a lot of the original 250 year old features. We booked based on the design renderings and the real thing absolutely lived up the the design pictures. We stayed in the executive suite and we’re thrilled with the room, pool and restaurant. There is also a small art gallery attached which is open to view. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 109 reviews Price from CAD 122 per night Check availability Divino Caldera Hotel in Akrotiri Situated in Akrotiri, 1.1 km from Kokkinopetra Beach, Divino Caldera features accommodation with a garden, free private parking and a terrace. The best hotel in Santorini, all new! Best view at an amazing price Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 247 reviews Price from CAD 188 per night Check availability Venus Sunrise Suites & Villas Hotel in Vourvoulos Set in Vourvoulos, 3 km from Archaeological Museum of Thera, Venus Sunrise Suites & Villas features views of the sea. Villa was a spacious and well designed space with a beautiful balcony view and private jacuzzi facing the sea view from above. Jacuzzi was warmed to a very cozy 33°C which enabled us to stay in it even when it was windy and after sundown. The breakfast was delicious and well presented. They give you 2 options as to where you’d like to eat. Either in their designated eating area or delivered to your room. Every day we opted to eat in the room together and it was wonderful! The staff were extremely professional, kind, helpful and gracious and I’d like to extend a personal thank you to them! I had needed rope to tie some bags to our atv and on very short notice they manage to provide some! Thank you for a wonderful stay in Santorini! Should we come again, we would love to stay here once more. -David family Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 109 reviews Check availability Neo Suites Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Conveniently situated in the centre of Fira, Neo Suites is within 500 metres of Archaeological Museum of Thera and 9.2 km of Santorini Port. Breakfast was awesome and served on time, private pool, peacefull environment, friendly staff, great rooftop view. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 109 reviews Check availability Elysian Retreat Hotel in Oia Set in Oia, 1.8 km from Baxedes Beach, Elysian Retreat offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a garden and a terrace. EVERYTHING! Staff were incredible, room was unbelievable and the service was 💯 As soon as we stepped foot in the hotel, the staff couldn’t do more for us. Would love to go back. Perfect location, not in the madness of Fira but close enough, and just down the road from Oia. If you want Luxury, then this is for you :) We booked a Villa Euphoria and it was fab! Show more Show less 9.9 Exceptional 135 reviews Check availability North Wind Luxury Suites Hotel in Oia Set in Oia and with Katharos Beach reachable within 2.3 km, North Wind Luxury Suites offers concierge services, non-smoking rooms, an outdoor swimming pool, free WiFi throughout the property and a... Everything was wonderful. The accommodations and the food and hospitality Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 293 reviews Check availability See all 1,412 hotels on Santorini Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Santorini with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Santorini Kastelli Resort 5 stars Hotel in Kamari 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Nautilus Dome 4 stars Hotel in Fira 20 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Angel Luxury Suites Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira 11 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 Limestone Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 Aegean Gem 4 stars Hotel in Kamari 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 Aloia Villas Hotel in Oia Caldera, Oia 20 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 Terra Nera Suites Hotel in Perivolos Beach, Perivolos 20 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 Ethos Vegan Suites Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 Lavadoze Luxury Suites Hotel in Éxo Goniá 9 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 Elysian Retreat Hotel in Oia 7 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 See all Most booked hotels on Santorini in the past month See all Athina Luxury Suites Hotel in Fira Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 9.3 Superb 509 reviews Above Blue Suites Hotel in Imerovigli Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 9.4 Superb 318 reviews San Giorgio 3 stars Hotel in Fira Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 9.0 Superb 888 reviews Suites of the Gods Cave Spa Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Megalokhori Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 7.6 Good 578 reviews Sunset Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Firostefani Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 9.1 Superb 616 reviews Nikos Hotel Hotel in Karterados Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 8.0 Very good 627 reviews A&G Suites Hotel in Fira Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 7.6 Good 396 reviews Sunny Days Hotel in Fira Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 6.8 Review score 865 reviews Aelia Luxury Suites 5 stars Hotel in Karterados Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 8.9 Fabulous 422 reviews Cycladic Suites Hotel in Fira Popular with guests booking hotels on Santorini 9.6 Exceptional 489 reviews Santorini's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Thireas Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Breakfast options Hotel Thireas is ideally located on the edge of caldera just 3 minutes walk from the centre of Fira, enjoying the view of the volcano. I like everything that are all of the parts of hotel. Hotel is perfect customer service. Show more Show less From CAD 132 per night 9.2 Superb 293 reviews Athina Luxury Suites Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Breakfast options Nestled upon a rock in Fira Town, the Cycladic-style Athina Luxury Suites feature a swimming pool and a sun terrace with panoramic views of the Caldera and the volcano. You cannot beat the location of this hotel. Show more Show less From CAD 330 per night 9.3 Superb 509 reviews Rocabella Santorini Hotel & Spa Hotel in Imerovigli Breakfast options Enjoying a scenic setting in Imerovigli, Santorini, Rocabella Resort combines traditional architecture with modern design. The view was magnificent. We were able to capture the best view here. Show more Show less From CAD 273 per night 9.0 Superb 150 reviews On the Cliff Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Breakfast options On the Cliff is attractively situated in Fira, and has a terrace, free WiFi and a bar. Beautiful location in the heart of Thera. Show more Show less From CAD 202 per night 9.2 Superb 51 reviews Theano Cave Suites & Villas Hotel in Imerovigli Breakfast options Located in Imerovigli, 3.4 km from Archaeological Museum of Thera, Theano Cave Suites & Villas provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking and a terrace. Elizabeth and the other staff did an excellent job in making my stay as comfortable as it was. Show more Show less From CAD 548 per night 9.7 Exceptional 88 reviews Villa Bordeaux Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Breakfast options Set at the edge of the caldera, 200 metres from Archaeological Museum of Thera in Fira, Villa Bordeaux is a five stars luxury boutique hotel in Fira Town. best accomodation in Fira. staff, room, swimming pool, food, views, location, everything 100%... Show more Show less From CAD 1,183 per night 9.5 Exceptional 20 reviews Daydream Luxury Suites Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Breakfast options Featuring 1 outdoor pool, Daydream Luxury Suites offers accommodation in Fira. The picturesque area of Imerovigli, offering majestic sunset views, lies within 2 km of the property. Everything was perfect during the stay. Show more Show less From CAD 322 per night 9.2 Superb 91 reviews Aelia Luxury Suites Hotel in Karterados Breakfast options Located in Karterados, 2.2 km from Monolithos Beach, Aelia Luxury Suites provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. This property is amazing The service is very good and the rooms very clean We had an amazing time Show more Show less From CAD 111 per night 8.9 Fabulous 422 reviews Budget hotels on Santorini See all Pelican Hotel Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Budget Hotel Located on the lively central square of Fira, the capital of Santorini, Pelican Hotel is just a few steps away from the famous caldera,shops, taverns,bus and taxi station. Huge room, great for its value, clean, personable staff Show more Show less From CAD 117 per night 9.0 Superb 810 reviews Villa Manos Hotel Hotel in Karterados Budget Hotel Featuring an outdoor pool and a stone-paved sun terrace with sea view, the traditionally built Villa Manos is located in Karterados, within 1.5 km from Fira. I would definitely give more than 10 if I could. :) Outstanding hospitality!! Show more Show less From CAD 70 per night 9.5 Exceptional 882 reviews Central Fira Suites Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Budget Hotel Just 100 metres from the caldera and 50 metres from the centre of Fira Town, Central Fira Suites features tastefully decorated accommodation with views over the town. Super friendly and helpful staff! Perfect location, just a few steps from everything including bus... Show more Show less From CAD 92 per night 8.5 Very good 870 reviews Amerisa Suites & Villa Hotel in Fira Budget Hotel Set on a hill enjoying panoramic views of the Aegean Sea, Amerisa Suites & Villa offer 3-star accommodation services in the east side of Fira, within walking distance from Fira's town centre. We loved our stay, we stayed in the suite with pool and sea view and it was one of the nicest... Show more Show less From CAD 139 per night 8.7 Fabulous 163 reviews Fira Vista Hotel Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Budget Hotel Attractively located in the centre of Fira, Fira Vista Hotel features air-conditioned rooms, a garden and a terrace. The staff at Fira Vista Hotel is amazing! They let me check in early and check out late. Show more Show less From CAD 87 per night 7.3 Good 235 reviews A&G Suites Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira Budget Hotel Attractively set in the centre of Fira, A&G Suites features free WiFi throughout the property and a terrace. The facilites were amazing and the locations really conveniente. The staff really helpful and nice Show more Show less From CAD 51 per night 7.6 Good 396 reviews SantoriniNY Hotel in Perissa Beach, Perissa Budget Hotel SantoriniNY features accommodation in Perissa near Perissa Beach and Perivolos Beach. Very nice structure, great location and super kind staff, especially SARA (receptionist) super... Show more Show less From CAD 59 per night 7.5 Good 58 reviews Nautilus Dome Hotel in Fira Budget Hotel Located 2 km from Fira, Nautilus Dome Suites is built on the side of the caldera and features a pool surrounded by a wooden deck with sun loungers and umbrellas. This is the perfect place for a family to stay while visiting Santorini. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 1,109 reviews Hotels on Santorini that you can book without a credit card See all Akrotiri Hotel Hotel in Akrotiri No credit card needed Hotel Akrotiri is enjoying a prime waterfront location in Akrotiri beach, near Santorini’s famous Red Beach and the archaeological site. so clean and close to the historic place n beach Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 1,014 reviews Santorini Kastelli Resort Hotel in Kamari No credit card needed Santorini Kastelli Resort enjoys a secluded location just 2 minutes’ walk from the beach of Kamari. Such a beautiful resort, central location, friendly and helpful staff! Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 1,130 reviews Elessa Hotel Hotel in Pirgos No credit card needed Situated in Pirgos, 5.5 km from Santorini Port, Elessa Hotel features accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Exceptional guest service, very organised & attentive to detail and a kind, warm professional... Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 145 reviews Meroviglia Boutique Hotel Hotel in Imerovigli No credit card needed Located in Imerovigli, Meroviglia Boutique Hotel features a garden, restaurant, bar, and free WiFi throughout the property. The property was beautiful. The main building has been modernised while beautifully maintaining a... Show more Show less From CAD 122 per night 9.6 Exceptional 109 reviews Venus Sunrise Suites & Villas Hotel in Vourvoulos No credit card needed Set in Vourvoulos, 3 km from Archaeological Museum of Thera, Venus Sunrise Suites & Villas features views of the sea. Villa was a spacious and well designed space with a beautiful balcony view and private jacuzzi... Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 109 reviews Neo Suites Hotel in Fira City Centre, Fira No credit card needed Conveniently situated in the centre of Fira, Neo Suites is within 500 metres of Archaeological Museum of Thera and 9.2 km of Santorini Port. Breakfast was awesome and served on time, private pool, peacefull environment, friendly staff, great... Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 109 reviews Elysian Retreat Hotel in Oia No credit card needed Set in Oia, 1.8 km from Baxedes Beach, Elysian Retreat offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a garden and a terrace. EVERYTHING! Staff were incredible, room was unbelievable and the service was 💯 As soon as we stepped... Show more Show less 9.9 Exceptional 135 reviews North Wind Luxury Suites Hotel in Oia No credit card needed Set in Oia and with Katharos Beach reachable within 2.3 km, North Wind Luxury Suites offers concierge services, non-smoking rooms, an outdoor swimming pool, free WiFi throughout the property and a... Everything was wonderful. The accommodations and the food and hospitality Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 293 reviews Santorini highlights Watch the sunset in Oia Oia’s stunning blue roofs and whitewashed buildings are an instantly recognisable scene. Sunset around the castle attracts flocks of budding photographers daily. Museum of Prehistoric Thera Set in historic Fira, this fascinating museum tells the story of the island’s prehistoric periods through exhibitions of pottery, ancient tools and weapons. Cable car ride from Fira's Old Port If you’re not afraid of heights, catch the cable car from Fira’s Old Port up to the town. The 3-minute climb offers stunning sea views. Akrotiri Archaeological Site Destroyed during the island’s volcanic eruption and excavated in 1967, the prehistoric settlement of Akrotiri is said to have been Plato's inspiration for Atlantis. Kamari's open-air cinema Listed as one of Europe’s best, Kamari’s open-air cinema offers the chance to kick back in a deck chair with a cocktail under the stars. Perissa and Perivolos' beaches The 7-km-long Perissa Beach is recognisable by its volcanic black sands and the imposing Mesa Vouno Mountain, which emerges from its crystal-clear waters. Ancient Thera Perched atop Mesa Vouno Mountain, this archaeological site forms the remains of a 9th-century Dorian colony. It is named after the island’s mythical ruler, Theras. Wine tasting in Pyrgos Pyrgos’ hilltop setting provides a great spot for sampling celebrated Santorini wines, accompanied by spectacular sea views. Santorini's Red Beach This small beach’s striking red volcanic sands and rock formations hug a piece of secluded coastline south of Akrotiri. Santorini's volcano and Thirasia Island No visit to Santorini would be complete without a trip over to its volcano and hot springs, followed by a traditional meal on Thirisia Island. FAQs about hotels on Santorini How much does it cost to stay in a hotel on Santorini? On average, 3-star hotels on Santorini cost CAD 169 per night, and 4-star hotels on Santorini are CAD 378 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel on Santorini can on average be found for CAD 661 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What hotels on Santorini offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels on Santorini that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Santa Irina Luxury Sunny Lofts, Angel Luxury Suites and Cavo Tagoo Santorini. Breakfast at these hotels on Santorini are also highly rated: Cycladic Suites, Amara Suites Santorini and Phos The Boutique. What hotels on Santorini are good for couples? Couples travelling on Santorini loved staying at Angel Luxury Suites, Elysian Retreat and Ethos Vegan Suites. Similarly, these hotels on Santorini are highly rated by couples: Amara Suites Santorini, Neptune Luxury Suites and Chelidonia Luxury Suites. How many hotels on Santorini are listed on Booking.com? There are 1,763 hotels on Santorini you can book on Booking.com. What is the best neighbourhood to stay on Santorini? Oia Caldera, Fira City Centre and Perissa Beach are popular with other travellers visiting Santorini. Which hotels on Santorini are good for families? Many families visiting Santorini loved staying at Elysian Retreat, White Pearl Cavalieri and Amelot Art Suites. Similarly, Hom Santorini, Santa Irina Luxury Sunny Lofts and Angel Luxury Suites are also popular among family travellers. What are the best hotels on Santorini near Black Beach? Some of the best hotels on Santorini near Black Beach include Mountain and Sea Suites, Santorini Crystal Blue Boutique Hotel and Joanna Villas. What hotels on Santorini have nice views? Chelidonia Luxury Suites, Aloia Villas and Echoes Luxury Suites have received great reviews from travellers on Santorini regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying on Santorini also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Phos The Boutique, Villa Renos Hotel and Altana Heritage Suites. How much is a hotel on Santorini for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel on Santorini this weekend is CAD 102 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 212. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels on Santorini for this weekend cost on average around CAD 257 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel on Santorini for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 102 per night to book a 3-star hotel on Santorini for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 216 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel on Santorini will cost around CAD 256 (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels to stay on Santorini? Santorini Kastelli Resort, Nautilus Dome and Akrotiri Hotel are some of the popular hotels on Santorini. In addition to these hotels, Elysian Retreat, Ethos Vegan Suites and Terra Nera Suites are also popular on Santorini. What are some popular places to stay on Santorini? Popular places to stay on Santorini include hotels near Black Beach, Central Bus Station and Cape Columbo Beach. What are the best hotels on Santorini near Santorini International Airport? Travellers who stayed on Santorini near Santorini International Airport (JTR) have said good things about Hermoso Luxury Suites, Marvarit Suites and Blue Bay Villas. Among the hotels near Santorini International Airport on Santorini, Smy Mediterranean White Santorini, Nikki Beach Resort & Spa Santorini and Zaitun Luxury Suites have also been highly rated. What are the best cities to stay on Santorini? Fira, Imerovigli and Karterados are popular with other travellers visiting Santorini. A Greek Island Dream Imagine a typical Greek island with whitewashed houses, blue-domed churches and sloping cliffs, and the chances are that you’re thinking of Santorini. Protectively curving around 4 other islands in its archipelago, this volcanic island has fertile ground bringing forth lovely rosé wine and some of the sweetest cherry tomatoes you’ll ever taste. High on a caldera shelving into the sea, the capital Fira overlooks the cruise liners plying the turquoise Aegean waters below. North is Imerovigli, home to several 5-star Santorini hotels with fantastic views. Also providing amazing views is the accommodation in Oia across the bay. Cascading down the slopes, the sea of white here is only dispersed by vibrant pink flowers, blue domes and the brown of ancient windmills, all becoming black silhouettes as the sun sets. Santorini Airport is on the other side of the island and 2 resorts south of it – Kamari and Perissa – have the best, black sand beaches. However, the most visually impressive is Red Beach at Akrotiri where the stunning red colour of the caldera and sand makes the trek down the rockface well worth it. Just time it right to avoid high tide! Also near Akrotiri are excavations of a Minoan era settlement. Wherever you choose to stay, Booking.com has a fantastic range of B&Bs, apartments and hotels in Santorini (Thira in Greek). Explore guest reviews of hotels on Santorini See all Anchor Suites Oia 8.9 Fabulous 329 reviews By far the best accomodation we stayed at our whole time in Greece! The staff were amazing and so accomodating with anything we needed! Location is 5 minutes to Oia but in a nice quiet area. We rented a quad bike and the staff were more than happy to help us organise this, as well as anything else we needed help with. Apartments were clean and really gave you a Greek feel. The pool was clean & a great place to spend your days relaxing and overlooking the ocean. We definitely recommended and will be back next time we visit Santorini :) Show more Show less Abbey Australia Limestone Hotel in Fira 9.8 Exceptional 342 reviews Our first experience in Greece, starting with a stay at the Limestone Hotel in Santorini, was nothing short of marvelous. The hotel's staff, brimming with hospitality and kindness, made us feel at home immediately. A special shout-out to the manager, Thrasos, whose exceptional service and local insights significantly enhanced our stay. The blend of traditional Greek charm and impeccable service at Limestone has set a new standard for our travels. We left with hearts full of fond memories, eagerly anticipating our next visit. Show more Show less Tomas Sweden Petit Palace Suites Hotel in Fira 9.3 Superb 205 reviews Where do I start, firstly it was great that they could arrange a transfer for me to and from the airport, fantastic service even when I had the first flight out of Santorini. Once at the Hotel what can I say it was out standing, location away from the busy town center, but close too walk or even catch the hotel shuttle. then the room with the view, outstanding watched the sunset every night BEAUTIFUL. LOVED THE WHOLE PLACE. Breakfast was also fantastic with a choice to choose from every morning from the restaurant and the view. Show more Show less Melvyn Australia The Saint Hotel Hotel in Oia 9.3 Superb 126 reviews This was the best hotel in my life. Everything I wanted was done magically. Thanks to the kind and friendly staff, I was able to have a perfect vacation. They did everything I asked perfectly. During my stay here, I solved all the meals with room service, and the meals here were more delicious than any other restaurant. I will never forget all my experiences here. Thank you Saint Hotel for making my vacation perfect. If I come back to Santorini one day, I will definitely come back here.❤️🥰 Show more Show less 토로리 South Korea Loucas on the Cliff Hotel in Fira 7.7 Good 431 reviews JUST PERFECT Fantastic hotel, location, view of the sunrises and sunsets 2nd to none on Santorini in my opinion, excellent food in the Aris ( the hotels restuarant) book before you go as it is very popular with a great menue.This hotel is totally under stated in most reviews, right in the centre of beautiful Fira, the best i've ever experienced..thank you for making my stay in Santorini a brilliant experience Hotel Loucas On The Hill . Jennifer , Sept 2023...ill be returning very soon ..x Show more Show less Jennifer United Kingdom Marquise Suites - Adults Only Hotel in Fira 9.7 Exceptional 232 reviews Our stay at Marquise Hotel in Santorini was truly exceptional. Elias, our host, made us feel right at home with his warm hospitality. The modern and spotless room, coupled with the perfect location, exceeded our expectations. Upon arrival, we were welcomed with delightful homemade wine and invaluable recommendations from Elias and his wife for exploring the island. We couldn't have asked for a better experience. Highly recommend Marquise Hotel for your Santorini getaway! Show more Show less Mateusz Poland Maregio Suites Hotel in Oia 9.7 Exceptional 289 reviews Best view of Santorini. Perfect for sunset. Junior suite is awesome and worth staying. All the amenities are provided in the room, Hotel will help in your arrival and with luggage to the room. Everyone was welcoming and very helpful. Just book the hotel and they will take care of you in every aspect to let you enjoy the breathtaking view from the hotel. Food was Good Rooms are the best deal for this property. Very spacious, Clean and well designed cave rooms. Show more Show less Raj Singh France Hom Santorini Hotel in Oia 9.7 Exceptional 248 reviews The service at Hom Santorini is excellent!! All of the staff are super friendly and helpful throughout our stay. We appreciated the room upgrade for our honeymoon trip! The superior suite is spacious, modern, and very clean with an amazing sea view. Hotel restaurant's chef Chris served delicious dinner and offered a great variety of breakfast choices for us to choose. Overall, we loved the hotel design and really enjoyed staying here more than we expected!! Show more Show less Van United States Kastro Oia Houses Oia 9.0 Superb 327 reviews The cave shaped room was with the stunning caldera view, you can watch the famous Santorini sunset right from your private terrace without having the trouble to find a spot during that time. Breakfast was awesome too, everything was nice about the hotel. Hotel staffs carry your luggage and guide you from the car drop-off point to the hotel as you need to walk 5-10 mins (with around 25-30 steep and narrow stairs because of the hill) to reach the hotel. Show more Show less Saumik Netherlands Santorini Crystal Blue Boutique Hotel Hotel in Kamari 9.5 Exceptional 231 reviews Everything and beyond was amazing. We changed three hotels during our stay on Santorini to have different experience in different locations on Santorini and also because our group stayed in Thira. But we regretted that we did that every single day. Santorini Crystal Blue Boutique Hotel was the best! We kept on coming back to see the the staff again which treated us as a family. This place was a real jam. Recommend to everybody. You'll not regret! Show more Show less Elena United States Santellini Hotel Hotel in Kamari 9.5 Exceptional 591 reviews My partner and I had the best time staying in Kamari and especially in the Santellini Hotel. They had the friendliest of staff and the owner Martha was wonderful, she really made you feel welcome and at home with her delicious wish cake. The pool area was kept very clean and we enjoyed the privacy of the upstairs sunlounge area. The room size was great and the location couldn't have been better. We felt really sad to leave Santorini.... Show more Show less Georgie United Kingdom Cavo Tagoo Santorini Hotel in Imerovigli 9.7 Exceptional 259 reviews Amazing world-class hotel. This is THE place to be in Santorini. Breathtaking view. Excellent food, delicious breakfast. And the most friendly, attentive, helpful and professional staff we have ever come across in our travels, especially Manos, the best Hotel General Manager in the world! Thank you so much to the team for an incredible experience. We were blown away by Cavo Tagoo Santorini and will definitely stay here again. Show more Show less ALAIN Reunion Callia Retreat Suites - Adults Only Hotel in Fira 9.5 Exceptional 903 reviews Everything about this small, very friendly Hotel was pretty much perfect. From the room standard, to the smart pool area, to the ever changing daily breakfast…..it all made our stay-in Santorini so much better. From Managers Margarita and Christos to Maria and Ellie to all of the super happy, friendly and efficient cleaning team….everybody smiled and were so helpful. Of course it always helps if you are friendly too…😊 Show more Show less Alexandra Jersey Pergeri Apartments Imerovigli 9.4 Superb 254 reviews We experienced the best hospitality here! Nicholas was a gracious host who answered all of our questions and gave many great tips. The apartment was spacious, very clean, and recently renovated (bathrooms). The location of the property is very close to the old walking path, but was removed enough to be peaceful. If we ever make our way back to Santorini, we will be returning to Pergeri Apartments! Show more Show less Erin United States Soulis Hotel Oia 8.6 Fabulous 187 reviews The staff was excellent. The manager, Kostas, takes his job very seriously. His knowledge, expertise and guidance allowed us to enjoy all of Santorini within our short 3 night stay. Hotel breakfast was always fresh and delicious. We always came back to clean rooms with cozy beds and many towels. Our group of 14 was accommodated without a hitch. 10/10 would stay again. Show more Show less Tanya United States The Last Sunbeam - Adults Only Hotel in Fira 9.3 Superb 555 reviews The best location. The room had a huge balcony/terrace that as per the name of the Hotel we saw the last sunbeam from the great Santorini Sunset. The room was spacious and clean and was really an excellent stay. The host/manager was very accomodating helping us with anything we needed including transfers to Oia, Akrotiri, The Port and the airport. Show more Show less Simon Australia Marianna Hotel Hotel in Perissa 8.8 Fabulous 886 reviews I had my 40th bday celebration in Santorini and we all stayed at Marianna Hotel. The staff was exceptional. The breakfast was spectacular! They had A LOT of options, including fresh fruit from their own trees and homemade marmalade. I have been going to Santorini for 21 years and this was one of my favourite places to stay. Everything was perfect. Show more Show less Christina Canada Thea Apartments Imerovigli 9.6 Exceptional 366 reviews Everything was perfect about Thea Apartments! The view was incredible (especially for sunset), breakfast was delicious, room was comfortable, location was great, and the hosts were so kind and welcoming. Effimia, the concierge, was especially helpful and she shared so many great tips! Absolutely stay here if you’re coming to Santorini. Show more Show less Hannah United States Pearl of Caldera Oia - Boutique Hotel by Pearl Hotel Collection Hotel in Oia 8.7 Fabulous 359 reviews Incredible Hotel! Jola and the team are amazing, so accommodating and friendly. Amazing view of the island from the pool and roof top terrace. Facilities are 10/10, the room was fantastic. Everything about this hotel is beautiful. Would 100% recommend to anyone reading this. Would easily go back next time visiting Santorini Show more Show less Mathew Australia Asimina Hotel Hotel in Fira 8.3 Very good 555 reviews Nice hotel in center of Fira. Everything was close which was extremely convenient. Friendly and very helpful staff helped us book transfer from airport upon our arrival as well as a day trip and breakfast provided was always served with smile. If we ever come back to Santorini, Asimina Hotel would be our first choice. Show more Show less Valentina Croatia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels on Corfu Hit the road and make the most of your trip by discovering another popular destination within Greece. Hotels on Crete Discover another popular destination within Greece. Hotels near Santorini International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Villas on Santorini Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Apartments on Santorini Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Flights to Santorini Reaching Santorini just got easier! Hotels in Greece If you're planning a longer trip, look beyond Santorini and set off to explore the whole country! Car hire near Santorini International Airport Pick up your rental car as soon as you touch down. Hotels near Santorini Port Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440