The 10 best hotels close to The Shard in London, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels near The Shard, London Enter your dates and choose from 96 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom London The Shard Featured hotels near The Shard Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Shangri-La The Shard, London Hotel in Southwark, London (0.1 km from The Shard) Occupying levels 34-52, the Shangri-La Hotel The Shard, London offers 5-star luxury and breathtaking views of the capital and beyond. Show more Show less 9 Superb 3,088 reviews Price from CAD 1,038 per night Check availability Cheval Three Quays at The Tower of London Tower Hill, London (0.6 km from The Shard) Located next to the Tower of London, and overlooking the River Thames, Cheval Three Quays offers modern apartments with free Wi-Fi, and an on-site fitness centre. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 628 reviews Price from CAD 552 per night Check availability Vintry & Mercer Hotel in City of London, London (0.8 km from The Shard) Set 700 metres from St Paul's Cathedral, the five-star Vintry & Mercer in London offers a fitness centre and bar. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 3,690 reviews Price from CAD 515 per night Check availability Hilton London Tower Bridge Hotel in Southwark, London (0.3 km from The Shard) In the heart of London, Hilton London Tower Bridge has a striking modern exterior and is located just a 5-minute walk from Tower Bridge and opposite The Shard. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 2,681 reviews Price from CAD 332 per night Check availability Amazing 3BR house with Terrace by iconic Borough Market Southwark, London (0.3 km from The Shard) Located in London, 500 metres from London Bridge Underground Station, 1 km from Sky Garden and 1.4 km from Tower Bridge, Amazing 3BR house with Terrace by iconic Borough Market provides accommodation... Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 15 reviews Price from CAD 1,237 per night Check availability ibis Styles London Southwark - near Borough Market Hotel in Southwark, London (0.6 km from The Shard) In London's thriving South Bank area, the ibis Styles London Southwark - near Borough Market is less than 200 metres from the Thames and the Tate Modern. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 3,799 reviews Price from CAD 184 per night Check availability See more properties near The Shard Top 10 trending hotels near The Shard Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Leonardo Royal Hotel London City - Tower of London 4 stars Hotel in City of London, London #1 Booked hotel near The Shard 8.3 Very good 5,062 reviews The Tower Hotel, London 4 stars Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London #2 Booked hotel near The Shard 7.8 Good 19,200 reviews Club Quarters Hotel London City, London 4 stars Hotel in City of London, London #3 Booked hotel near The Shard 7.3 Good 4,149 reviews ibis Styles London Southwark - near Borough Market 3 stars Hotel in Southwark, London #4 Booked hotel near The Shard 8.6 Fabulous 3,799 reviews Apex City Of London Hotel 4 stars Hotel in City of London, London #5 Booked hotel near The Shard 8.8 Fabulous 2,111 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel London - Tower of London 4 stars Hotel in City of London, London #6 Booked hotel near The Shard 7.6 Good 11,024 reviews St Christopher's Inn Village - London Bridge Hotel in Southwark, London #7 Booked hotel near The Shard 7.4 Good 4,284 reviews citizenM Tower of London 4 stars Hotel in City of London, London #8 Booked hotel near The Shard 8.6 Fabulous 6,670 reviews Vintry & Mercer 5 stars Hotel in City of London, London #9 Booked hotel near The Shard 9.4 Superb 3,690 reviews Tower Suites by Blue Orchid 5 stars Hotel in City of London, London #10 Booked hotel near The Shard 8.6 Fabulous 6,162 reviews See more hotels near The Shard Leonardo Royal Hotel London City - Tower of London 4 stars Hotel in Tower Hill, London #1 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 8.3 Very good 5,062 reviews Novotel London Tower Bridge 4 stars Hotel in Tower Hill, London #2 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 8.6 Fabulous 3,860 reviews The Tower Hotel, London 4 stars Hotel in Wapping, London #3 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 7.8 Good 19,200 reviews Club Quarters Hotel London City, London 4 stars Hotel in City of London, London #4 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 7.3 Good 4,149 reviews Apex City Of London Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Tower Hill, London #5 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 8.8 Fabulous 2,111 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel London - Tower of London 4 stars Hotel in Tower Hill, London #6 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 7.6 Good 11,024 reviews citizenM London Bankside 4 stars Hotel in Southwark, London #7 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 8.6 Fabulous 3,094 reviews citizenM Tower of London 4 stars Hotel in Tower Hill, London #8 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 8.6 Fabulous 6,670 reviews Tower Suites by Blue Orchid 5 stars Hotel in Tower Hill, London #9 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 8.6 Fabulous 6,162 reviews Bermonds Locke 4 stars Hotel in Bermondsey, London #10 Wish-listed hotel near The Shard 8.9 Fabulous 2,042 reviews See more hotels near The Shard Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near The Shard See all Tower Suites by Blue Orchid Hotel in Tower Hill, London Breakfast options Boasting a bar, terrace and sweeping views of Tower Bridge, The Tower of London and the River Thames, Tower Suites by Blue Orchid is situated in London, less than 500 metres from the Tower of London. Breakfast was amazing, had many options to choose from. Show more Show less From CAD 274 per night 8.6 Fabulous 6,162 reviews The Dixon, Tower Bridge, Autograph Collection Hotel in Bermondsey, London Breakfast options Located in a Grade II-listed building dating back to 1906, The Dixon, Tower Bridge, Autograph Collection is 300 metres from Tower Bridge in London. location clean room excellent staff Show more Show less From CAD 337 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,308 reviews The LaLit London Hotel in Bermondsey, London Breakfast options Featuring free high-speed WiFi, complimentary minibar and free Handy Phones with calls to 20 international destinations, The LaLit London offers accommodation just a 5-minute walk from Tower Bridge. Very nice location. It's just 2 minute far from London bridge. Show more Show less From CAD 290 per night 8.4 Very good 2,086 reviews citizenM Tower of London Hotel in Tower Hill, London Breakfast options citizenM Tower of London is located directly above Tower Hill Underground Station. Beautiful hotel in front of the Tower of London with different views depending on where your room is... Show more Show less From CAD 237 per night 8.6 Fabulous 6,670 reviews citizenM London Bankside Hotel in Southwark, London Breakfast options Situated in the heart of London, citizenM London Bankside is a stylish contemporary hotel, which is just a 2-minute walk from the Tate Modern, near Borough Market and only 600 metres from the... Loved the lounge downstairs and the location. Show more Show less From CAD 202 per night 8.6 Fabulous 3,094 reviews Apex City Of London Hotel Hotel in Tower Hill, London Breakfast options Ideally located in Central London on Seething Lane the 4-star Apex City of London Hotel is one of the city’s most stylish! Hotel is in a great location near to the Tower of London. Hotel is stylish and rooms are good size. Show more Show less From CAD 254 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,111 reviews Mercure London Bridge Hotel in Southwark, London Breakfast options Mercure London Bridge has spacious, air-cooled rooms, a gym and a Marco Pierre White New York Italian restaurant. Cosy and clean rooms. Staff very friendly and helpful, both on reception, as well as at the... Show more Show less From CAD 199 per night 8.1 Very good 1,053 reviews ibis Styles London Southwark - near Borough Market Hotel in Southwark, London Breakfast options In London's thriving South Bank area, the ibis Styles London Southwark - near Borough Market is less than 200 metres from the Thames and the Tate Modern. Modern, clean, centrally located, great breakfast. Show more Show less From CAD 184 per night 8.6 Fabulous 3,799 reviews Hotels with great access to The Shard! See all Vintry & Mercer Hotel in City of London, London Great location Set 700 metres from St Paul's Cathedral, the five-star Vintry & Mercer in London offers a fitness centre and bar. Everything was perfect for me. I asked for the early check-in and I have gotten my room at 11 am. Show more Show less From CAD 515 per night 9.4 Superb 3,690 reviews Four Seasons Hotel London at Ten Trinity Square Hotel in Tower Hill, London Great location Offering 2 restaurants and spa, Four Seasons Hotel London at Ten Trinity Square is situated 200 metres from Tower of London. room/facilities cleanliness, pool jets. Show more Show less From CAD 1,264 per night 9.3 Superb 257 reviews Counting House Hotel in City of London, London Great location Attractively located in London, Counting House features air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. Loved the decor. Loved the room. Loved our stay! Show more Show less From CAD 314 per night 8.9 Fabulous 1,387 reviews The Westin London City Hotel in City of London, London Great location Set in London and with St Paul's Cathedral reachable within 500 metres, The Westin London City offers concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. Extremely friendly staff. Nice and large family room (above London average). Show more Show less From CAD 492 per night 8.8 Fabulous 782 reviews The Ned Hotel in City of London, London Great location Set in the former Midland Bank building in the City of London, just steps from Bank Station, The Ned hosts 250 bedrooms, ten restaurants and a range of men’s and women’s grooming services. concierge super helpful and kind. Show more Show less From CAD 538 per night 8.7 Fabulous 863 reviews Novotel London Tower Bridge Hotel in Tower Hill, London Great location Novotel Tower Bridge is set in London’s City district, just 5 minutes’ walk from the Tower of London. It offers spacious, stylish rooms and a fitness centre with a steam bath. we loved the location of the hotel as well as the staff. Breakfast was delicious. Show more Show less From CAD 212 per night 8.6 Fabulous 3,860 reviews Novotel London Bridge Hotel in Southwark, London Great location Centrally-located in London, Novotel London Bridge has a rooftop leisure suite with a gym, sauna and steam room. Guests are 5 minutes’ walk from Shakespeare's Globe Theatre and the Tate Modern. Breakfast was perfect, delicious, cozy and choice for every family member. Show more Show less From CAD 277 per night 8.4 Very good 2,590 reviews Leonardo Royal Hotel London City - Tower of London Hotel in Tower Hill, London Great location Overlooking the historic Tower of London, the luxury 4-star Leonardo Royal Hotel London City - Tower of London boasts a spa with a 25-metre swimming pool and a large gym. The view from the room was incredible! Show more Show less From CAD 290 per night 8.3 Very good 5,062 reviews Planning a trip to see the The Shard? Check out the latest reviews and scores 2.0 We purchased tickets through a third party website, but the... We purchased tickets through a third party website, but the management at The Shard would not recognise our order, so we were refused entry. We hoped that we would get some assistance but, unfortunately after 3 weeks of backwards/forwards emails, we were still unable to gain access. This cost us just under 100 GBP which we simply could not afford. We would never go back to this attraction again. Show more Show less rhonda Australia 8.0 Nothing will convince me that the primary design motif for... Nothing will convince me that the primary design motif for this building was anything other than that when the inevitable London fog rolls in, then the illuminated peak of The Shard should look like nothing more or less than the Eye of Sauron glaring out across the Mordor hellscape. When this occurred to me, it amused me. Then it started getting creepy. Quit staring at me, Sauron! Show more Show less Chris United States 4.0 We had this in our itinerary, however did not factor the... We had this in our itinerary, however did not factor the weather in. The touring was listed at zero visibility, so we did not go up- however the view looking up from the bottom was pretty impressive. Will have to save for another visit! Show more Show less mjlips Canada People are talking about The Shard! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "The Shard" See all The LaLit London Hotel in Southwark, London From CAD 290 per night 8.4 Very good 2,086 reviews The location, which is a few minutes walk from London Bridge station, is great. You can walk to tower bridge and the Shard district in minutes or jump on the tube from the station. We had a junior classroom and it was a decent size and nicely decorated. The shower was lovely, with great water pressure so nice and invigorating which is always a bonus. Everything in the mini bar was included in the room rate which was also a nice touch. The hotel was beautifully decorated for Christmas and felt very cosy. Show more Show less LouLou80 United Kingdom The Tower Hotel, London Hotel in Tower Hamlets, London From CAD 217 per night 7.8 Good 19,200 reviews Location was excellent, we had a view of the Tower Bridge and the Shard and it was beautiful. Diagonal from Butlers's wharf and a short walk to the Tower of London and HMS Belfast, great location. Also close to the tube station and a mini Tesco. We celebrated a birthday and had a sparkling wine and note in our room when we arrived, lovely surprise. The next day we took a 14 minute walk to the Sky Garden. Show more Show less Desiree United Kingdom Phoenix Heights Tower Hamlets, London From CAD 169 per night 9.2 Superb 64 reviews Lovely little room and bathroom, perfect for what we needed after going to a gig at the O2 arena perfect location, met one of the owners who was really lovely and friendly, check in so easy and simple! Great view of the shard and london eye too. Really close to underground station (dlr & jubilee line) very handy Show more Show less liv United Kingdom Residence Inn by Marriott London Tower Bridge Hotel in Southwark, London From CAD 272 per night 7.9 Good 1,689 reviews Great location with restaurants, bars and coffee shops close by. 10 mins walk to The Shard, Tower Bridge etc. Room was small but well equiped and classy. It was also very quiet, couldn't hear any other guests in other rooms at all. Breakfast was a serve yourself buffet with plenty of choice and options. Show more Show less Neil United Kingdom Novotel London Blackfriars Hotel in Southwark, London From CAD 306 per night 8.2 Very good 3,281 reviews Lovely and clean hotel and good sized room with facilities. Staff very friendly and helpful. Had a view of the shard from our room which was amazing. Show more Show less Shannon United Kingdom London Bridge Hotel Hotel in Southwark, London From CAD 328 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,150 reviews The location. Being next to the Shard and Borough market Show more Show less Shronda Trinidad and Tobago Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights from London to London Need to book flights for your trip? Find and compare prices for this and other popular routes right here on Booking.com. Hotels in Edinburgh Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels in Manchester Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels near Tower Bridge Places to stay near another famous landmark. Hotels near Lyceum Theatre Places to stay near another famous landmark. Hostels in London More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in England Look beyond The Shard and discover the perfect place to stay in England. B&Bs in Ilford Great accommodation options in a nearby city. Apartments in Bromley Great accommodation options in a nearby city. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870070