Trust and Safety Resource Center | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Overview Our values Travellers Partners COVID-19 resources Trust and safety resource centre Safety tips, guidelines and our values Travellers Stay safely At Booking.com, we strive to help everyone experience the world safely. We have many processes in place to protect our guests, and to empower you to take control of your safety while you travel. Visit our traveller resource page to learn more about making your future stays go smoothly. See traveller resources Partners Host safely Bringing peace of mind to our Booking.com Partners is a top priority. We help hosts feel confident about welcoming guests, and have processes in place to protect both you and your property. You can learn more about how to stay safe while hosting on our Partner resource page. See partner resources Our values and guidelines At Booking.com, we adhere to a set of values, standards and guidelines intended to protect our partners, customers and employees. Learn more If something goes wrong What you can do if things go wrong In the unlikely event that something goes wrong, we are here for you. In this section, you can find guidelines to follow should an issue arise, as well as the steps we will take to look after you. As a traveller As a partner Neighbours or residents If you are a neighbour or resident having an issue with a property listed on Booking.com, you can reach out to our Customer Service team at +1 (866) 492 3245 (English) or +1 (866) 493 3497 (French) to report your concern. Are you missing any information? Yes / No Thank you for sharing What information were you expecting to see on this page? Please tell us what information is missing Submit Cancel Thank you for sharing Your feedback will help us improve this page for all our guests and partners. Close Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again. Close This article is intended for information purposes only and does not constitute legal advice, rights or a guarantee. Please bear in mind that you may need to take additional precautions depending on individual circumstances. Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account