The 10 best hotels in Glasgow, United Kingdom - Cheap Glasgow hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Glasgow Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Glasgow hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom Glasgow Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Glasgow – 149 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ibis budget Glasgow Hotel in South, Glasgow In Springfield Quay, the ibis budget Glasgow is 10 minutes’ walk from the centre of Glasgow. It is surrounded by restaurants and leisure facilities, including a 12-screen cinema, bowling and a casino.... Show more 7.2 Good 8,085 reviews Price fromCAD 69.45per night Check availability Crowne Plaza Glasgow, an IHG Hotel Hotel in North West, Glasgow Only a few minutes’ walk from the SEC campus, the 4-star Crowne Plaza Glasgow overlooks the River Clyde. It has a leisure club with a pool and spa, as well as a maritime-inspired restaurant and bar. Show more 8.1 Very good 5,132 reviews Price fromCAD 177.59per night Check availability Holiday Inn Express - Glasgow - City Ctr Theatreland, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow The Holiday Inn Express Glasgow Theatreland is well-placed in the city centre, just a few metres from shops and nightlife. Show more 8.3 Very good 6,444 reviews Price fromCAD 119.52per night Check availability Sandyford Hotel Hotel in North West, Glasgow The friendly, family-run Sandyford hotel offers stylish en suite rooms, a 10-minute walk from the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre. There is free 24-hour Wi-Fi access throughout. Show more 7.9 Good 4,649 reviews Price fromCAD 85.38per night Check availability Hilton Garden Inn Glasgow City Centre Hotel in North West, Glasgow Set on the banks of the River Clyde, Hilton Garden Inn offers rooms with views and free WiFi access. Show more 8.0 Very good 3,489 reviews Price fromCAD 158.21per night Check availability Mercure Glasgow City Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Located in Glasgow's city centre, Mercure Glasgow City Hotel offers accommodation with free WiFi and is a few-minute walk away from the main high street. Show more 7.4 Good 1,969 reviews Price fromCAD 100.82per night Check availability Hampton by Hilton Glasgow Central Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Boasting a 24-hour front desk with express check-in/check-out, a bar and a restaurant, Hampton by Hilton Glasgow Central also features a fitness center. Show more 8.4 Very good 3,223 reviews Price fromCAD 123.37per night Check availability One Devonshire Gardens a Hotel Du Vin Hotel in North West, Glasgow Within a tree-lined Victorian terrace, this 5-star boutique hotel is located in the fashionable West End, only 30 minutes' drive from Loch Lomond. Show more 8.9 Fabulous 1,379 reviews Price fromCAD 192.96per night Check availability Crosshill House Hotel in South, Glasgow Crosshill House is located 2 miles from Glasgow city centre, 600 metres from Crosshill railway station with trains to the centre every 10-15 minutes. Show more 7.1 Good 1,785 reviews Price fromCAD 89.22per night Check availability Grasshopper Hotel Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Next to the Central Rail Station, the Grasshopper Hotel enjoys a great location in Glasgow. It offers rooms with sleek design and free Wi-Fi, and a Kitchen restaurant that uses the best local produce.... Show more 9.0 Superb 1,154 reviews Price fromCAD 110.99per night Check availability See all 190 hotels in Glasgow Most booked hotels in Glasgow in the past month See all Leonardo Hotel Glasgow - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 8.5 Very good · 3,558 reviews Motel One Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 8.8 Fabulous · 16,601 reviews YOTEL Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 8.1 Very good · 13,609 reviews Maldron Hotel Glasgow City Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 8.8 Fabulous · 11,923 reviews ibis budget Glasgow Hotel in South, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 7.2 Good · 8,085 reviews Clayton Hotel Glasgow City Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 8.8 Fabulous · 4,650 reviews citizenM Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 8.3 Very good · 4,992 reviews The Z Hotel Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 8.2 Very good · 9,920 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel, Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 8.5 Very good · 5,576 reviews Britannia Inn Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Popular with guests booking hotels in Glasgow 6.3 Pleasant · 3,264 reviews Glasgow's best hotels with breakfast See all Sandyford Lodge Hotel in North West, Glasgow Breakfast options Situated in central Glasgow, the family-run Sandyford Lodge- offers free Wi-Fi throughout and a 24-hour front desk. Everything. Clean warm staff were amazing highly recommend Avg. price/night: CAD 90.50 8.2 Very good · 2,054 reviews Hotel Indigo Glasgow, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Breakfast options With a stylish restaurant and bar, Hotel Indigo Glasgow offers boutique rooms with free Wi-Fi and luxury bathrooms. In Glasgow centre, the hotel is just 500 metres from Glasgow Central Station. Staff very friendly & helpful. Amazing breakfast!! Avg. price/night: CAD 114.67 8.3 Very good · 1,728 reviews citizenM Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Breakfast options This citizenM Glasgow is located 400 metres from Glasgow’s Royal Concert Hall. It offers stylish, modern rooms with free Wi-Fi, a cocktail bar, a designer lobby and a 24-hour canteen. All of it from the friendly staff to the quality rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 138.32 8.3 Very good · 4,992 reviews voco Grand Central - Glasgow, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Breakfast options Located at Glasgow Central Station, the award-winning voco Grand Central - Glasgow is an iconic hotel set within Glasgow’s shopping district. It was in the train station which was very handy for us. Avg. price/night: CAD 141.73 8.7 Fabulous · 6,349 reviews Kimpton - Blythswood Square Hotel, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Breakfast options Kimpton - Blythswood Square Hotel is in Glasgow city centre, a short walk from Sauchiehall Street. It has been restored to offer luxury rooms with free Wi-Fi and beautiful architecture. all staff very helpfull and nice, especially Jan was great Avg. price/night: CAD 331.27 8.8 Fabulous · 2,269 reviews Apex City of Glasgow Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Breakfast options The 4-star Apex City of Glasgow Hotel is located in the heart of Scotland’s fashion capital. Its idyllic location, eye-catching exterior and tasteful interior makes it the perfect place to stay. Great location , lovely room , excellent facilities Avg. price/night: CAD 151.98 8.7 Fabulous · 3,138 reviews Holiday Inn - Glasgow - City Ctr Theatreland, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Breakfast options This 4-star Holiday Inn is located in the heart of Glasgow, just 50 metres from the Royal Concert Hall. Great location for shops, restaurants and theatres Avg. price/night: CAD 145.13 8.4 Very good · 2,653 reviews Holiday Inn Express - Glasgow - City Ctr Theatreland, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Breakfast options The Holiday Inn Express Glasgow Theatreland is well-placed in the city centre, just a few metres from shops and nightlife. Good location with all the usual Holiday Inn Express facilities Avg. price/night: CAD 119.52 8.3 Very good · 6,445 reviews Budget hotels in Glasgow See all ibis Styles Glasgow Central Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Budget Hotel Situated conveniently in Glasgow, ibis Styles Glasgow Central offers air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 3-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. great spot, close to all stations, cosey, friendly Avg. price/night: CAD 116.12 8.7 Fabulous · 5,835 reviews Moxy Glasgow Merchant City Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Budget Hotel Situated in Glasgow and with Glasgow Cathedral reachable within 600 metres, Moxy Glasgow Merchant City features concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi throughout the... Great location for city centre and other areas of interest Avg. price/night: CAD 121.24 8.4 Very good · 3,334 reviews Motel One Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Budget Hotel Boasting an excellent location in Glasgow city centre, Motel One Glasgow is next to Central Train Station and is only a 9-minute walk from George Square and Queen Street Train Station. The location of the hotel was so central it was great Avg. price/night: CAD 134.90 8.8 Fabulous · 16,601 reviews Radisson RED Hotel, Glasgow Hotel in North West, Glasgow Budget Hotel Radisson RED hotel in Glagsow features 174 rooms, 3 event and games studios, Glasgow’s first official rooftop bar, a fitness room and 76 car parking spaces. Loved the decor, cleanliness and friendliness of staff Avg. price/night: CAD 220.28 8.8 Fabulous · 5,804 reviews Point A Hotel Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Budget Hotel Point A Hotel Glasgow is situated in the heart of Glasgow, 300 metres from Royal Concert Hall. Within walking distance of all major attractions, the whole of Glasgow is on your doorstep. The LED lights and layout of the room were amazing Avg. price/night: CAD 76.84 8.3 Very good · 7,810 reviews Hampton by Hilton Glasgow Central Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Budget Hotel Boasting a 24-hour front desk with express check-in/check-out, a bar and a restaurant, Hampton by Hilton Glasgow Central also features a fitness center. Centrally located. Staff were extremely friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 139.20 8.4 Very good · 3,223 reviews ibis Styles Glasgow Centre George Square Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Budget Hotel Ibis Styles Glasgow Centre George Square offers accommodation in Glasgow, just a 7-minute walk from Glasgow Central Train Station. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Location was perfect, 24/7 access to tea/coffee Avg. price/night: CAD 116.12 8.6 Fabulous · 5,391 reviews Village Hotel Glasgow Hotel in South, Glasgow Budget Hotel Located near the SECC, SSE Hydro Arena and Clyde Auditorium, Village Hotel Glasgow offers car parking. Close to the hydro staff very welcoming and professional Avg. price/night: CAD 167.35 8.3 Very good · 2,635 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Glasgow See all The Pipers' Tryst Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Central location With a central Glasgow location, The Pipers’ Tryst Hotel is a unique 4-star restaurant with rooms located at The National Piping Centre - the home of Scottish Bagpiping. Just lovely! I was given a free dram on arrival too Avg. price/night: CAD 239.06 8.9 Fabulous · 770 reviews Virgin Hotels Glasgow Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Central location Featuring a bar, Virgin Hotels Glasgow is located in the centre of Glasgow, 700 metres from Glasgow Central Station. This 5-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Location was excellent, staff friendly and efficient Avg. price/night: CAD 232.23 8.9 Fabulous · 349 reviews One Devonshire Gardens a Hotel Du Vin Hotel in North West, Glasgow Central location Within a tree-lined Victorian terrace, this 5-star boutique hotel is located in the fashionable West End, only 30 minutes' drive from Loch Lomond. Beautiful building with amazing rooms , bar and restaurant Avg. price/night: CAD 192.96 8.9 Fabulous · 1,379 reviews Cathedral House Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Central location In the old part of Glasgow, next door to the Glasgow Cathedral, this 19th century, Scottish Baronial-style building has been beautifully converted into a unique 8-bedroom hotel. Beautifully decorated and well appointed room. Bathroom very lovely. Avg. price/night: CAD 186.13 8.8 Fabulous · 805 reviews Carlton George Hotel Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Central location Located next to Glasgow Queen Street Rail Station and just 50 metres from Buchanan Street’s shops, this hotel has an airport bus stop directly outside. Could not fault anything,from beginning to leaving Avg. price/night: CAD 151.98 8.6 Fabulous · 2,919 reviews Leonardo Hotel Glasgow - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow Central location Overlooking the River Clyde, Leonardo Hotel Glasgow is in the city centre, next to Glasgow Central Station. The guy who checked in was very polite and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 130.63 8.5 Very good · 3,558 reviews Acorn Hotel Hotel in North West, Glasgow Central location The Acorn Hotel offers boutique, 3-star accommodation situated between Glasgow City Centre and the West End. Room was lovely and comfortable. Excellent location! Avg. price/night: CAD 124.65 8.5 Very good · 698 reviews Boutique 50 Hotel in North West, Glasgow Central location Located in Glasgow and with Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum reachable within 500 metres, Boutique 50 provides a shared lounge, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi and a bar. Cute, clean, modern, friendly and Great breakfast! Avg. price/night: CAD 205.20 8.5 Very good · 445 reviews FAQs about hotels in Glasgow How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Glasgow? On average, 3-star hotels in Glasgow cost CAD 158 per night, and 4-star hotels in Glasgow are CAD 223 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Glasgow can on average be found for CAD 372 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Glasgow for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Glasgow this weekend is CAD 243 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 273. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Glasgow for this weekend cost on average around CAD 362 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Glasgow for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 161 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Glasgow for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 223 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Glasgow will cost around CAD 313 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Glasgow are good for families? Many families visiting Glasgow loved staying at AC Hotel by Marriott Glasgow, Grasshopper Hotel Glasgow and Dakota Glasgow. What are the best hotels in Glasgow near OVO Hydro? Some of the best hotels in Glasgow near OVO Hydro include Radisson RED Hotel, Glasgow, Courtyard by Marriott Glasgow SEC and 2 Bedroom Apartment at SECC Hydro Full Refurb FREE PARKING. What are the best hotels in Glasgow near Glasgow Airport? Travellers who stayed in Glasgow near Glasgow Airport (GLA) have said good things about Holiday Inn Express - Glasgow Airport, an IHG Hotel, Courtyard by Marriott Glasgow Airport and Ashtree House Hotel, Glasgow Airport & Paisley. What are the best hotels to stay in Glasgow? Dakota Glasgow, Grasshopper Hotel Glasgow and Babbity Bowsters are some of the popular hotels in Glasgow. What hotels in Glasgow offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Glasgow that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Radisson Blu Hotel, Glasgow, Babbity Bowsters and One Devonshire Gardens a Hotel Du Vin. What hotels in Glasgow are good for couples? These hotels in Glasgow are highly rated by couples: Dakota Glasgow, AC Hotel by Marriott Glasgow and Clayton Hotel Glasgow City. What hotels in Glasgow have nice views? Radisson RED Hotel, Glasgow, Sandman Signature Glasgow Hotel and Number 10 Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Glasgow regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Fun-Loving and Forward Thinking Scotland’s largest city, Glasgow combines Victorian architecture and a vibrant arts scene. A former European City of Culture, it is home to many national organisations including the Scottish Ballet and the National Theatre of Scotland. The museums are also world class. Not to be missed are the futuristic-looking Glasgow Science Centre and the eclectic exhibits at the Kelvingrove. Lined with Georgian buildings, George Square is the city’s focal point and the spot for Glasgow Hogmanay celebrations. Fanning out from here are streets housing venues for the city’s main love: music. From classical concerts to up-and-coming bands, every taste is catered for. As host of the 2014 Commonwealth Games, Glasgow is also a city of sport. Scotland’s 2 most iconic football clubs - Celtic and Rangers - are based here, as is the national football stadium Hampden Park. The Scottish Football Museum is also an excellent walk through the beautiful game. Last but not least is the shopping in Glasgow. Shopping centres cover everything from high street brands to international designers. So when you fly into Glasgow Airport, make sure you’ve left enough space in your bags! Complete your stay with one of Booking.com’s range of Glasgow hotels, apartments, B&Bs and hostels. Learn more about visiting Glasgow 52 attractions 39 points of interest 5 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Glasgow City trip 32,610 reviews Sightseeing 11,507 reviews Food trip 17,657 reviews Romantic 7,850 reviews Family-friendly 668 reviews Shopping 11,315 reviews What guests said about Glasgow: 10 Glasgow is an amazing city so vibrant and the people are so... Glasgow is an amazing city so vibrant and the people are so friendly pizza corola is a brilliant chippy across from the station and the Toby jug pub is cheap and friendly , Glasgow is easy to get around Jacqueline United Kingdom 10 Glasgow has a great variety of restaurants and bars, also... Glasgow has a great variety of restaurants and bars, also has many parks and lots of shops. Buchanan Street is pedestrian and has all the usual big stores. The Merchant City is close by and has a selection of designer stores. The river Clyde has a long walkway and is minutes from Argyll Street. Best of all are the people, very friendly and helpful, and funny. 10 I love Scotland--albeit I've only vacationed in Edinburgh... I love Scotland--albeit I've only vacationed in Edinburgh and Glasgow. I travel alone most of the time, so I'm very sensitive to issues like safety (Scotland is very very safe feeling), ease of transportation (excellent), walkable (yes!), and how the people treat you. Let me say i always treat people very well, I'm annoyingly polite, and sometimes a tad overly friendly. But the Scottish people match me for all my idiosyncracies, they are the nicest people, by far, in the UK, and in Europe. 10 A real city with real people. A real city with real people. Scape/skyline: a mix of gothic architecture and industrial mess. Culture: Don't miss the University of Glasgow - a gem. Nightlife: lots, for different tastes. Cold can be exhausting in the winter. You can walk everywhere: sightseeing is within a 45 min walking radius. Angela United Kingdom 8.0 Lots of good shopping plenty of choise would need two weeks... Lots of good shopping plenty of choise would need two weeks or so to get ,plus new pair of legs,ha ha!. Plenty of history Hop on Hop off buses are great!!,really good service people are friendly always willing to help Like any other city these days people living on streets not good so sad !! Edge 4.0 Good parking in NCP 50 yards from Motel One - they gave good... Good parking in NCP 50 yards from Motel One - they gave good discount. Not too much to see here with regards to sights, but a good walkable City, nicest area up above the parks and Hunterian Museum. Would recommend La Lanterna 35, Hope Street, Italian BUT, you have to be out sooner than I'd like. They have two sittings. This idea never took off in London and many restaurants lost out due to this greedy idea which means customers cannot relax over a leisurely dinner, Food was good. Far too many fast food outlets KFC -staff disinterested, McDonalds, not great either.. Lee United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Glasgow See all Motel One Glasgow Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 134.90 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 16,601 reviews Young men at reception had bad attitude. One told us they were a budget hotel and couldn't give us a wake up call for our early morning flight being our American phones weren't working properly in Scotland. The ladies in the morning were so helpful. We just thought the young men in the early evening may discrimate against elderly Americans. Possibly just elderly or just Americans. The rest was very nice. Won't go back there again when in Glasgow. I'll try the Radisson across the street. LORRIE JEAN United States ABode Glasgow Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 119.53 per night 7.9 Good · 2,375 reviews Clean hotel, friendly welcoming staff. Beautiful decor.comfy bed, big high ceilings. Very peaceful. It had a 1930’s lift in working order. Beautiful piece of machinery. The hotel used to be the Prime Minister’s family home back in the 1800/1900’s Central to the city centre and both Glasgow central train station and Queens Street train station. Michelle United Kingdom Holiday Inn Express - Glasgow - City Ctr Riverside, an IHG Hotel Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 153.67 per night 8.2 Very good · 5,642 reviews The hotel from location, staff, cleanliness, breakfast was all 100% We will definitely be back to glasgow and stay at this hotel again. The city centre was minutes walk away. The river was outside the hotel. The carpark was rite over the road and only cost us £11.95 for 24hrs when you give registration into reception. Win win all round as Julie United Kingdom Clayton Hotel Glasgow City Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 135.24 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 4,643 reviews The hotel's excellent location, coupled with the incredibly friendly and welcoming staff, ensured a delightful experience. They thoughtfully arranged a quiet room for us, offering an exceptional view. The room itself was impeccably clean, comfortable, and impressively well-equipped. Our first visit to Glasgow was thoroughly enjoyable. Zouhair France Clayton Hotel Glasgow City Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 135.24 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 4,643 reviews The location couldn't have been better, right in the city centre and a great place from which to explore Glasgow by foot. It's also right beside a Subway and bus and train stations are very close. The hotel and staff are lovely, and the bar is fabulous. We didn't dine there but the menu looks great and has vegan and veg options. Ciaran Ireland Holiday Inn - Glasgow - City Ctr Theatreland, an IHG Hotel Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 145.13 per night 8.4 Very good · 2,653 reviews The hotel was located in the heart of the city and was close to bus/train stations. We were easily able to walk to all of the places we wanted to visit while in Glasgow. The room was very clean and I loved that it had a bath tub! The staff was great and the daily breakfast was nice as well. Julie United States Grasshopper Hotel Glasgow Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 110.99 per night 9.0 Superb · 1,154 reviews Excellent hotel in Glasgow city centre but heard no noise at night. Although breakfast was buffet style there was a good choice of food and the cooked breakfast was freshly made. There was also little touches like home- made cakes in the corridor. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Ann United Kingdom GoGlasgow Urban Hotel by Compass Hospitality South, Glasgow 6.9 Pleasant · 3,009 reviews This was the cheapest hotel that we could find in Glasgow and for the price we paid it was grand. The location close to a couple of subway stations was great, ideal for getting into the city centre quickly. The restaurant and bar were good value, especially for the location Warlin492 United Kingdom Motel One Glasgow Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 134.90 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 16,601 reviews Modern, clean and stylish hotel right in the city centre of Glasgow. Staff are friendly and the bar area is great for relaxing in with a good range of drinks on offer. Extremely good value for money and would be a place I would book again. Beth United Kingdom The Z Hotel Glasgow Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 85.38 per night 8.2 Very good · 9,920 reviews Good evening meal at reasonable price. Breakfast also great for the money. Very friendly, helpful staff. Hotel perfectly located for city centre & within walking distance of the hospital I was attending as an outpatient ( hence my stay). David United Kingdom Village Hotel Glasgow South, Glasgow From CAD 167.35 per night 8.3 Very good · 2,635 reviews Excellent location. 10min walk to the ovo hydro where we had a concert and very easy to get into Glasgow city centre via the bus. Bus stop is right outside the hotel. Room was a good size and very clean, and breakfast was lovely. Debbie United Kingdom BA Apartments North West, Glasgow 8.4 Very good · 5 reviews The bed was supercomfy. The flat's location in Glasgow's trendy west-end is very convenient for visits to the city centre, with a tube station and several bus routes having stops less than five minutes' walk away. Gerald United Kingdom Sandyford Hotel North West, Glasgow From CAD 85.38 per night 7.9 Good · 4,649 reviews the hotel is very well located, everything that we need we can found around, close to the city centre as well. the room was clean. staffs are kind, friendly and helpful very good breakfast!! thanks for all jordana United Kingdom Glasgow Grosvenor Hotel North West, Glasgow From CAD 152.15 per night 7.6 Good · 2,320 reviews Room, staff, location, dinner was great. Breakfast was not that great, seamed more like a cheaper hotel breakfast bar. Probably worst breakfast during our whole Scotland trip. Cliff United States Glasgow Grosvenor Hotel North West, Glasgow From CAD 152.15 per night 7.6 Good · 2,320 reviews Well located hotel in the centre of Glasgow within walking distance of city centre attractions. Rooms were spacious and clean. Breakfast was very good with lots options. William United Kingdom Leonardo Hotel Glasgow - Formerly Jurys Inn Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 130.63 per night 8.5 Very good · 3,558 reviews Close proximity to the city centre and to Glasgow Central. The hotel has elevators, making it easily assessable to all floors. Khai Chee Singapore Maldron Hotel Glasgow City Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 138.32 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 11,923 reviews Good city centre location up in the theatre district. Very new and clean hotel. Nice bar down in the lobby. Donald Canada Radisson Blu Hotel, Glasgow Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 179.30 per night 8.5 Very good · 5,576 reviews super nice hotel and staff. steps to Glasgow central. great bar and breakfast. walk to city center Stephen United States Leonardo Inn Glasgow West End North West, Glasgow From CAD 126.36 per night 7.1 Good · 4,271 reviews Hotel location is very centered. Close to the airport and Glasgow City center. Gina United States The Merchant City Inn Glasgow City Centre, Glasgow From CAD 92.21 per night 6.9 Pleasant · 2,299 reviews The hotel was in a great location right in the heart of Glasgow city centre Keven United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Budget Hotels in Glasgow Explore more great accommodation options in Glasgow, starting with budget hotels. B&Bs in Glasgow More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels with Parking in Glasgow More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Glasgow City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in West End Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. When to visit the United Kingdom Events, prices, the weather and more. Things to do in Glasgow Attractions, tours and more – how will you spend your time in Glasgow? Flights from London to Glasgow Find and compare the best flights. Hotels in Scotland Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Glasgow Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760,1847760|3,1846890,1870380,1871440,1870380|3,1833870,1870380|7,1866460