The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia - Kuala Lumpur hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Kuala Lumpur Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Kuala Lumpur hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Malaysia Kuala Lumpur Federal Territory Kuala Lumpur Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Kuala Lumpur – 1,782 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ibis Kuala Lumpur City Centre Hotel in Kuala Lumpur City-Centre, Kuala Lumpur Centrally located, ibis Kuala Lumpur City Centre is a 750-metre walk to Petronas Twin Towers. It boasts a rooftop infinity pool and a kids pool. 7.9 Good 3,952 reviews Price fromCAD 50.78per night Check availability Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral Hotel in KL Sentral Train Station, Kuala Lumpur Connected to Kuala Lumpur Sentral Station via a link bridge, Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral offers modern accommodation with free WiFi throughout. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 4,176 reviews Price fromCAD 92.55per night Check availability AC Hotel by Marriott Kuala Lumpur - TravelEase Visa-Free Getaway Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Featuring rooms with a flat-screen cable TV, AC Hotel by Marriott Kuala Lumpur stands between Titiwangsa LRT Station and KL Monorail Station. Show more 8.5 Very good 1,681 reviews Price fromCAD 60.74per night Check availability Shangri-La Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur City-Centre, Kuala Lumpur Shangri-La Hotel Kuala Lumpur offers accommodation in the city centre, just a 5-minute walk to KL Tower and Petronas Twin Towers. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 2,545 reviews Price fromCAD 130.30per night Check availability Travelodge Chinatown Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Located within 200 metres from Petaling Street and Central Market, Travelodge Chinatown Kuala Lumpur offers accommodations in the heart of Kuala Lumpur. Show more 7.8 Good 1,325 reviews Price fromCAD 59.29per night Check availability WP Hotel Hotel in Chow Kit, Kuala Lumpur Located 1.6 km away from the iconic Petronas Twin Towers and Suria KLCC, WP Hotel offers guests with luxurious and modern accommodation. 7.2 Good 2,407 reviews Price fromCAD 40.23per night Check availability Arenaa Star Hotel Hotel in Kuala Lumpur City-Centre, Kuala Lumpur Arenaa Star Hotel houses contemporary-style rooms in the heart of Kuala Lumpur. Guests can enjoy meals at the in-house restaurant. Free WiFi is available throughout the property. Show more 6.4 Pleasant 1,898 reviews Price fromCAD 49.46per night Check availability Days Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Fraser Business Park KL Hotel in Pudu, Kuala Lumpur Offering free WiFi throughout, Days Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Fraser Business Park KL is set within walking distance to Chan Sow Lin LRT station. 8.3 Very good 2,997 reviews Price fromCAD 47.43per night Check availability citizenM Kuala Lumpur Bukit Bintang Hotel in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur Situated in Kuala Lumpur, 1 km from Berjaya Times Square, citizenM Kuala Lumpur Bukit Bintang features accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, a bar and a shared lounge. Show more 9.2 Superb 1,457 reviews Price fromCAD 98.05per night Check availability Travelodge Bukit Bintang Hotel in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur Located in the hustle and bustle of Bukit Bintang, Travelodge Bukit Bintang offers accommodations in Kuala Lumpur. Free WiFi is available in public areas. Show more 8.0 Very good 763 reviews Price fromCAD 67.01per night Check availability See all 707 hotels in Kuala Lumpur Cheapest time to stay in Kuala Lumpur In May you can stay in Kuala Lumpur for an average price of CA$36 per night CA$56CA$45CA$34CA$22CA$11CA$0 CA$39 Jan CA$38 Feb CA$39 Mar CA$37 Apr CA$36 May CA$37 Jun CA$38 Jul CA$38 Aug CA$40 Sep CA$38 Oct CA$39 Nov CA$43 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Kuala Lumpur in the past month See all INNSiDE by Meliá Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 8.4 Very good · 292 reviews Sleeping Lion Suites Hotel in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 8.3 Very good · 939 reviews Seri Pacific Hotel Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Chow Kit, Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 8.4 Very good · 6,476 reviews Traders Hotel, Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 8.6 Fabulous · 8,498 reviews Santa Grand Signature Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 8.6 Fabulous · 4,917 reviews JW Marriott Kuala Lumpur - TravelEase Visa-Free Getaway Hotel in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 8.6 Fabulous · 3,757 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Kuala Lumpur - South Hotel in Chow Kit, Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 8.0 Very good · 5,776 reviews Oakwood Hotel and Residence Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 8.3 Very good · 1,932 reviews Sunway Putra Hotel Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Chow Kit, Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 8.6 Fabulous · 7,879 reviews Holiday Inn Express Kuala Lumpur City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Popular with guests booking hotels in Kuala Lumpur 7.8 Good · 4,897 reviews Kuala Lumpur's best hotels with breakfast See all MoMo's Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Chow Kit, Kuala Lumpur Breakfast options Featuring a bar, MoMo's Kuala Lumpur is set in Kuala Lumpur in the Selangor region, 2 km from Petronas Twin Towers and 2 km from Suria KLCC. all good and comfy place, the room was clean and pretty Avg. price/night: CAD 51.81 8.3 Very good · 1,081 reviews Komune Living Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Breakfast options Located in Kuala Lumpur, 4.7 km from Mid Valley Megamall, Komune Living provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. It's great. Always stay here, and will do again Avg. price/night: CAD 52.07 8.1 Very good · 7,372 reviews Days Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Fraser Business Park KL Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Breakfast options Offering free WiFi throughout, Days Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Fraser Business Park KL is set within walking distance to Chan Sow Lin LRT station. Amazing staff everything is perfect great location Avg. price/night: CAD 56.69 8.3 Very good · 2,997 reviews Pavilion Hotel Kuala Lumpur Managed by Banyan Tree Hotel in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur Breakfast options Boasting direct access to Pavilion Kuala Lumpur, Pavilion Hotel Kuala Lumpur Managed by Banyan Tree offers 5-star accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool. A fitness room is available for guests. The breakfast was excellent and staff are very helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 214.61 8.8 Fabulous · 2,327 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Kuala Lumpur - South Hotel in Chow Kit, Kuala Lumpur Breakfast options Situated in Kuala Lumpur, 1.2 km from Putra World Trade Centre, Hilton Garden Inn Kuala Lumpur - South features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a restaurant and a bar. gokl located near the bus stop. blueline & redline. Avg. price/night: CAD 50.33 8.0 Very good · 5,776 reviews Alila Bangsar Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Brickfields, Kuala Lumpur Breakfast options Located in a vibrant district, Alila Bangsar Kuala Lumpur offers 5-star accommodations above the hustle and bustle of the city. The bed very comfy , the hospitality of the staffs Avg. price/night: CAD 98.11 8.7 Fabulous · 1,721 reviews Tamu Hotel & Suites Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Chow Kit, Kuala Lumpur Breakfast options Set in Kuala Lumpur, 1.4 km from Petronas Twin Towers, Tamu Hotel & Suites Kuala Lumpur offers accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking and a restaurant. Room and bed is excellent Breakfast good Nice location Avg. price/night: CAD 104.24 8.2 Very good · 4,061 reviews Sofitel Kuala Lumpur Damansara Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Breakfast options Sofitel Kuala Lumpur Damansara offers accommodation in Kuala Lumpur. It features an outdoor swimming pool and sun terrace. Breakfast spread is great and it taste SOOOOO GOOOOODDDD! Avg. price/night: CAD 154.52 8.6 Fabulous · 2,027 reviews Budget hotels in Kuala Lumpur See all AXON Residence Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur Budget Hotel Situated in Kuala Lumpur, 500 metres from Starhill Gallery, AXON Residence Kuala Lumpur features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Convenient location Rooftop swimming pool and lounges Avg. price/night: CAD 182.15 9.1 Superb · 69 reviews THE FACE Style Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Budget Hotel Located in Kuala Lumpur, 1.2 km from Petronas Twin Towers, THE FACE Style provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Huge, super smart apartment. Amazing rooftop pool. Avg. price/night: CAD 141.03 8.8 Fabulous · 1,007 reviews M Resort & Hotel Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Budget Hotel Situated in Kuala Lumpur, 7.3 km from Mid Valley Megamall, M Resort & Hotel Kuala Lumpur features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. 3th times for stay resort is very nice and clean。 Avg. price/night: CAD 119.45 8.5 Very good · 2,220 reviews Santa Grand Signature Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Budget Hotel Set in Kuala Lumpur, 1.6 km from Petronas Twin Towers, Santa Grand Signature Kuala Lumpur offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Fabilous, fantastic view from the room, nice staff! Avg. price/night: CAD 86.24 8.6 Fabulous · 4,917 reviews Santa Grand Classic Kuala Lumpur, Chinatown Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Budget Hotel Attractively located in the Bukit Bintang district of Kuala Lumpur, Santa Grand Classic Kuala Lumpur, Chinatown is located 2.4 km from Berjaya Times Square, 2.5 km from Kuala Lumpur Convention Center... Great part of Chinatown with alot of great places close Avg. price/night: CAD 56.50 8.2 Very good · 1,014 reviews Capri by Fraser, Bukit Bintang Hotel in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur Budget Hotel Set in Kuala Lumpur, 400 metres from Starhill Gallery, Capri by Fraser, Bukit Bintang offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. good location, good amenities. friendly staff, very accomodating. Avg. price/night: CAD 124.16 8.9 Fabulous · 2,043 reviews A&R Urban Hotel Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Budget Hotel Situated in Kuala Lumpur, A&R Urban Hotel offers 3-star accommodation with a garden and a terrace. Clean ,spacious modern modcoms. Great value for money Avg. price/night: CAD 40.19 8.4 Very good · 1,899 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur, Chinatown Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Budget Hotel Located in the heart of Chinatown, Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur, Chinatown has a restaurant, outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and bar in Kuala Lumpur. The rooms are very comfortable with excellent pillows. Avg. price/night: CAD 104.24 8.8 Fabulous · 1,721 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Kuala Lumpur See all Summer suites victory house Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Central location Well set in the centre of Kuala Lumpur, Summer suites victory house is within 1.1 km of Petronas Twin Towers and 1.2 km of Suria KLCC. Avg. price/night: CAD 55.18 10.0 Exceptional · 3 reviews PACIFIC SUITE@TIME SQUARE Hotel in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur Central location Located in Kuala Lumpur, 60 metres from Berjaya Times Square, PACIFIC SUITE@TIME SQUARE features views of the pool. 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review Renaissance Kuala Lumpur Hotel & Convention Centre Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Central location The Renaissance Kuala Lumpur is located 500 metres from Petronas Twin Towers. Avg. price/night: CAD 183.95 9.0 Superb · 4 reviews Mandarin Oriental, Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Central location Mandarin Oriental, Kuala Lumpur, features stylish suites and serviced apartments overlooking the city skyline and KLCC Park. Amazing location and presented in immaculate order Avg. price/night: CAD 286.65 8.9 Fabulous · 5,615 reviews Grand Hyatt Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Central location The luxurious 5-star Grand Hyatt Kuala Lumpur is located just next to the Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre (KLCC). The room layout, it's view and the room itself. Avg. price/night: CAD 267.34 8.9 Fabulous · 3,235 reviews Shangri-La Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Central location Shangri-La Hotel Kuala Lumpur offers accommodation in the city centre, just a 5-minute walk to KL Tower and Petronas Twin Towers. Clean Quality service Friendly staff Amazing dining Avg. price/night: CAD 151.14 8.8 Fabulous · 2,545 reviews W Kuala Lumpur Hotel Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Central location Located in the heart of the Golden Triangle, W Kuala Lumpur offers accommodations within the hustle and bustle of Kuala Lumpur's city centre. very polite and helpful staff, clean and nice views🥹 Avg. price/night: CAD 318.84 8.8 Fabulous · 885 reviews Four Seasons Hotel Kuala Lumpur Hotel in Kuala Lumpur Central location Located just 280 metres from KLCC Park, Four Seasons Hotel Kuala Lumpur offers accommodations within Kuala Lumpur's city centre. comfy bed! friendliest staff! really spacious room as well! Avg. price/night: CAD 366.36 8.8 Fabulous · 643 reviews FAQs about hotels in Kuala Lumpur How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Kuala Lumpur? On average, 3-star hotels in Kuala Lumpur cost CAD 40 per night, and 4-star hotels in Kuala Lumpur are CAD 91 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Kuala Lumpur can on average be found for CAD 173 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Kuala Lumpur for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Kuala Lumpur this weekend is CAD 55 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 133. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Kuala Lumpur for this weekend cost on average around CAD 205 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Kuala Lumpur for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 46 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Kuala Lumpur for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 95 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Kuala Lumpur will cost around CAD 185 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Kuala Lumpur are good for families? Many families visiting Kuala Lumpur loved staying at Sunway Resort Hotel, citizenM Kuala Lumpur Bukit Bintang and EQ Kuala Lumpur. What are the best hotels in Kuala Lumpur near Pavilion Kuala Lumpur? Some of the best hotels in Kuala Lumpur near Pavilion Kuala Lumpur include JD SUITES AXON BUKIT BINTANG, Axon Residence Bukit Bintang By Perkasa and The RuMa Hotel and Residences. What are the best hotels in Kuala Lumpur near Kuala Lumpur International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Kuala Lumpur near Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KUL) have said good things about Sama Sama Express KLIA (Airside Transit Hotel), Sama Sama Hotel KLIA and Capsule Transit KLIA 2 (Airside) - International Departure, Satellite Building, Level 2. What are the best hotels to stay in Kuala Lumpur? EQ Kuala Lumpur, citizenM Kuala Lumpur Bukit Bintang and The RuMa Hotel and Residences are some of the popular hotels in Kuala Lumpur. What hotels in Kuala Lumpur offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Kuala Lumpur that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Else Kuala Lumpur, Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur, Chinatown and Sunway Resort Hotel. What hotels in Kuala Lumpur are good for couples? These hotels in Kuala Lumpur are highly rated by couples: Lucentia Suites KL BY URBAN, Axon suites bukit bintang and STAYS HOTEL. What hotels in Kuala Lumpur have nice views? Element Kuala Lumpur, Sunway Resort Hotel and Four Points by Sheraton Kuala Lumpur, Chinatown have received great reviews from travellers in Kuala Lumpur regarding the views from their hotel rooms. The Happening Hub of South East Asia Climb to astonishing heights amidst the skyscrapers of Kuala Lumpur. Look up at the Petronas Towers and, if you’re feeling fit, participate in one of the foot races to the top of the Kuala Lumpur Tower. When you descend the mixture of cultures that make up this vibrant city will greet you. The capital of Malaysia offers a colourful array of cultures, cuisines and shopping opportunities. Kuala Lumpur’s diversity is on centre stage in China town’s Petaling Street, the food stalls on Jalan Alor, the history of Merdeka Square and the temples and mosques scattered throughout the city. As the temperature soars in the year-round heat, find refuge in the manicured greenery of the Lake Gardens. Air-conditioning offers more comfort in the famous shopping malls including the Suria KLCC, where anyone can find the perfect gift or momento. If you’re travelling in South East Asia, there’s a good chance you’ll fly into Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Within 30 minutes you can be in the heart of a city which offers every type of accommodation from spas to budget rooms, 5-star hotels to dormitories. No matter what your budget, with 250+ hotels Booking.com has a place for you in KL. Learn more about visiting Kuala Lumpur 625 attractions 68 points of interest 13 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Kuala Lumpur City trip 40,138 reviews Sightseeing 10,587 reviews Food trip 28,027 reviews Family-friendly 2,334 reviews Shopping 16,058 reviews Theme Parks 898 reviews What guests said about Kuala Lumpur: 10 Kuala Lumpur is a very beautiful and vibrant city. Kuala Lumpur is a very beautiful and vibrant city. It has many good eating places and food is very delicious. I especially love the Nasi Lemak, my all time favourite. There are many good four star hotels with 5 star service. Singapore 10 KL is awesome with lots things for the whole family to do. KL is awesome with lots things for the whole family to do. The outdoor water park and playground at KLCC Park is huge. Escape at Paradigm Mall was fun for the whole family with lots of activities to help challenge you. We loved the food here in KL the most as it’s cheap but great quality. Get out to Jalan Alor to experience outdoor/alfresco dining at its best. Andrew Australia 8.0 The city is interesting, with many attractions. The city is interesting, with many attractions. The fixed-track public transport is good, I didn't try the buses because I couldn't find the bus stop. If you go to a city park, even for an hour, don't go in shorts because you'll get bitten by bugs. Check when it's monsoon and if possible don't go if you don't want to get wet! Andreas Hungary 8.0 We arrived by bus from Johor Baru, and stayed at arround... We arrived by bus from Johor Baru, and stayed at arround bukit bintang before flying to Kuantan. Walking arround Jalan bukit Bintang was great, a lot of properties, shops and restaurant are integrated. I think Kuala lumpur is very clean now, it is not less than Singapore. Recomendable to visit KL as tourists. It is so easy to walk around Aloysius Indonesia 10 Loved all the attractions, the city views and all the Malls... Loved all the attractions, the city views and all the Malls we visisted. They also have a lot of Food options, Game centers and cute cafe's to explore. There's a lot you can do in Kuala Lumpur! Aminath 10 This city has grown up, smartened up, and come I to its own! This city has grown up, smartened up, and come I to its own! It's now well worth visiting in its own right, as KL simply has so much to offer! Spend time hunting out the street art, visit the parklands, and eat until you feel like you'll explode! Margaret Chantal Australia Explore guest reviews of hotels in Kuala Lumpur See all Scott Hotel KL Sentral Brickfields, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 42.72 per night 7.7 Good · 835 reviews Nice room, just as described on Booking webside. Very close to the KL Sentral, just pass the nearby shopping mall and try to get down to street lever, then you just have made the most of the journey. Walk towards the big silvery tower and after max 10 minutes you are there. Righthand north of the hotel are many Indian restaurants and temples. Money as well as supplies can be received at the two gas stations on the way to the hotel. Perfect location coming and leaving by train, which is a very good choice according to my experience. ErikPerson Sweden ESY Hotel KL Sentral Brickfields, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 64.27 per night 7.9 Good · 2,833 reviews The location and hospitality. Both perfect! Location is very convenient, under the Monorail station, big mall, and the KL sentral station—the biggest station/terminal and hub for all transportation modes in the city, be it the airport train, airport bus, all monorail/MRT/LRT. A 24-hour minimarkets located next door and a big mall right in front of the hotel, just cross the road. The room is also super clean. The design is simple but very clean, cant find any spot. water heater and wifi work really well. Estu Indonesia Hotel Stripes Kuala Lumpur, Autograph Collection - TravelEase Visa-Free Getaway Chow Kit, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 111.10 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,682 reviews I love the upgrade to a corner room provided via booking.com genius membership. The extra space was great especially when traveling with children. The value for money is amazing, and the hotel is in a great location - not the hectic Bukit Bintang, but it feels more local, with so many local foods nearby to choose from, several of those are actually so popular. All staff we met were very friendly and hospitable. Cleanliness and health protocol are nothing to worry. Natalia Indonesia Meliá Kuala Lumpur Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 137.19 per night 8.0 Very good · 2,843 reviews Hotel Room was big and spacious. Bed was very comfortable. Toilet had showerhead and bidet for those that like their cleanliness. There's swimming pool for adults and for children. Location Hotel is just opposite Berjaya Times Square and accessible to Monorail to go to places such as Bukit Bintang and etc. There's a nearby convenience stores like 7-11 and if you feel hungry and peckish, there's food stalls down the road in less than 5mins walk. ISHAK Singapore MOV Hotel Kuala Lumpur Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 86.50 per night 8.0 Very good · 1,604 reviews The location of this hotel in Bukit Bintang was excellent. It was really close to the 'food street' and lots of other restaurants. There were a mixture of high and low rise buildings around - so a little bit scruffy but lots of character. It was easy to walk to other areas or to take a Grab. The room was clean and the bathroom was excellent. We enjoyed the roof top pool. We would stay here again because of the location. Phoebe123456 United Kingdom The Bed KLCC Kuala Lumpur From CAD 53.88 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,604 reviews Literally the best capsule hotel I’ve ever stayed out. So so clean, constant aircon, shared spaces are well looked after and staff are incredibly courteous and helpful. I had trouble booking a grab to the airport and reception helped me call one off their personal phone. Would recommend to travellers solo and group. Capsules are spacious - I stayed in the women’s dorm and loved it. Will stay again. Truc Phuong Australia City Central Hotel Brickfields, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 58.51 per night 7.6 Good · 2,566 reviews The hotel is in a very good location. It is convenient to move around using public transport. The rates are competitive around the area too. There are a number of eateries nearby. The check-in process was smooth. Overall the hotel was nicely maintained and clean. The bed and shower were quite comfortable. Recommended to anyone looking for a budget stay in KL Sentral area. Tony Tee Malaysia Sunway Resort Hotel Bandar Sunway, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 249.10 per night 9.2 Superb · 1,159 reviews Went there for Sunway Lagoon weekend staycation. the lobby was huge. Fancy cars everywhere. Inside, i was at awe on the look of the hotel lobby, kind of majestic. staffs inside are courteous and very helpful. the hotel overall experience is fantastic- the expectations you should get in a 5 star hotel staffs are excellent syed alwi raffar Malaysia NU Hotel @ KL Sentral KL Sentral Train Station, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 49.17 per night 7.7 Good · 2,750 reviews The location is superb. Easy to access, and surrounding is 24 hour area, where you can easily get food and emergency kit even in the middle of the night. Next to the hotel, have oriental Malaysia Cafe. Any kind of food from breakfast to dinner. The facilities is like regular 3 star hotel, complete and clean. yunanfatoni Indonesia Holiday Inn Express Kuala Lumpur City Centre, an IHG Hotel Kuala Lumpur From CAD 59.89 per night 7.8 Good · 4,897 reviews The hotel is centrally located in KL. It’s in the business district so you’ll see a lot of corporate towers and high rise residential units. Bukit Bintang and Changkat are walking distance if you want to walk. The price is really a good deal. The room has enough space and felt comfortable during our stay. Jenn Philippines M&M Hotel Brickfields, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 36.76 per night 6.8 Pleasant · 205 reviews The location is good... very near to and easily walkable from KL Sentral. The rooms are very small and if you are booking a room without window then it can only be used for sleeping at night. So this is an okay hotel if you plan to stay out the whole day and use it only at night for sleeping. Avik Kumar India Orkid Hills Hotel Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 45.62 per night 7.4 Good · 822 reviews Bed was comfortable. Local staff was very nice and professional. 15 min walk to bukit bintang area. However its a old budget hotel with small rooms. Very average condition overall (only main recieption area is renovated a bit nicely as shown in pics at booking.com) Sajid Malaysia Hotel Royal Signature Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 117.27 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 80 reviews A brand new 5 stars hotel with perfect location and very nice helpful staff. Room was big with amazing city view from the 7th floor. Thanks a lot and I really liked your welcome & hospitality. Special thanks to Artiqa, reception and restaurant staff. Dr. Amer Saudi Arabia Grand Millennium Kuala Lumpur Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 150.98 per night 8.1 Very good · 4,673 reviews Hotel location in buzzing Bukit Bintang street and attached to Pavilion Mega Mall, View of Petronas twin towers from corner rooms ( my room 1818). Kind smiling staff of Business lounge. I wish to mention Hafiza, she were so polite and dedicated. Nozar 53 Iran Hotel Maya Kuala Lumpur Kuala Lumpur From CAD 103.01 per night 7.8 Good · 2,590 reviews The location, next to hop on hop off stop and malasyan tourist center. The staff was very helpful but the english level of some of them was very weak, unexpected for a 5 star hotel. The pool was amazing and the breakfeast one of the best in KL Teresa Portugal MOV Hotel Kuala Lumpur Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 86.50 per night 8.0 Very good · 1,604 reviews In the heart of Bukit Bintang a modern, funky design hotel for reasonable price. I really liked the round shower area with the colorful spotlight. Very comfy bed. Also liked the black metal furniture style. Nice roof top with the pool there. Viktoria Hungary NU Hotel @ KL Sentral KL Sentral Train Station, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 49.17 per night 7.7 Good · 2,750 reviews Good transit hotel very close the KL Sentral and the airport express. The room was clean and functional located in the Indian sector so plenty of good food options just a few minutes away. We left early so didn’t have breakfast. roy Australia Aloft Kuala Lumpur Sentral KL Sentral Train Station, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 98.11 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 4,176 reviews Location is very good as the KLIA Express train from KLIA airport stops at KL Sentral station, which is right next to the hotel. The hotel is also connected directly to the KL Sentral mall, which makes it very convenient. Hanna Singapore Hotel Maluri Kuala Lumpur From CAD 45.68 per night 7.9 Good · 2,542 reviews room room, bathroom and are bedvery cleen & comfortable, there are upgrading to highers level like 5 star hotel Siti Malaysia Hotel Sentral KL @ KL Sentral Station Brickfields, Kuala Lumpur From CAD 41.39 per night 6.4 Pleasant · 4,414 reviews Good budget hotel very close to NU central mall, KL sentral station and the monorail station oktraveller Netherlands Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Things to do in Kuala Lumpur Attractions, tours and more – how will you spend your time in Kuala Lumpur? Hotels in Melaka Discover another destination in Malaysia. Hotels in Johor Bahru Discover another destination in Malaysia. Hotels in Kuala Lumpur Federal Territory Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels near Kuala Lumpur International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Bukit Bintang Explore Kuala Lumpur while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in KL Sentral Train Station Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Visit Kuala Lumpur Everything you need to know about your destination. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Kuala Lumpur Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760|3,1833870,1866460,1846890,1870380|8,1870380,1847760,1871440,1870380|3