Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis We’re here to help Your safety matters. If you think Coronavirus (COVID-19) may affect your plans please visit our Help Centre. Alternatively, here's what you should know at this time. Government travel restrictions and advisories Please check for travel restrictions before booking and travelling to an accommodation. Travel may be permitted only for certain purposes and in particular, touristic travel may not be allowed. To help you on your way, we included publicly available links to government websites for several countries around the world. Please note that not all countries are covered below. If a country is not included in this overview it doesn’t mean that no travel restrictions are in place and we recommend that you seek out information for any country you are planning to travel to. We are not responsible for the content of the public (government) websites linked below. Government responses continue to evolve, so please check back often for updates and rely on your national and local government for the most current information. Travel restrictions and advisories in Africa Egypt Ghana Kenya Mauritius Tunisia South Africa Travel restrictions and advisories in Asia-Pacific American Samoa Australia Brunei Bhutan Cambodia People's Republic of China French Polynesia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Laos Macau Malaysia Maldives Myanmar Nepal New Caledonia New Zealand Philippines Singapore South Korea Sri Lanka Taiwan Thailand Vanuatu Vietnam Travel restrictions and advisories in Europe For an overview of borders and available means of transport and tourism services in EU Member States, please visit Re-open EU. Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Republic of Cyprus Denmark England Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Guernsey Hungary Iceland Ireland Italy Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Montenegro Netherlands Northern Ireland Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Scotland Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey United Kingdom Wales Travel restrictions and advisories in Latin America and the Caribbean Bahamas Costa Rica Dominican Republic Jamaica Mexico Panama Puerto Rico Travel restrictions and advisories in the Middle East Israel Jordan Oman United Arab Emirates Travel restrictions and advisories in North America Canada Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec 1, Quebec 2 Saskatchewan Yukon United States Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Travel restrictions and advisories in South America Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador Paraguay Peru Uruguay Booking conditions For bookings made on or after 6 April 2020, we advise you to consider the risk of Coronavirus (COVID-19) and associated government measures. If you don’t book a flexible rate, you may not be entitled to a refund. Your cancellation request will be handled by the property based on your chosen policy and mandatory consumer law, where applicable. During times of uncertainty, we recommend booking an option with free cancellation. If your plans change, you can cancel free of charge until free cancellation expires. Booking.com accommodation How can I get help with an existing reservation on Booking.com? We understand that due to Coronavirus (COVID-19) and its health implications, you may want to change your plans. For further support, please sign into your Booking.com account and visit our Customer Service Help Centre. How do I cancel my booking in this situation? For the best support, please sign in using your Booking.com account. If you do not have an account, you can use your booking confirmation number and PIN code to sign in on a desktop computer or a laptop. If your booking is no longer free to cancel or is non-refundable, you may incur a cancellation fee. Properties can also choose to change the dates of your reservation at no extra cost, so it’s worth contacting the property to see if this is possible. If your reservation was affected by Coronavirus-related events such as border closures or travel limitations enforced by authorities, but is no longer free to cancel or is non-refundable, sign in to check options to manage the reservation. What is the cancellation policy related to Coronavirus? You may be able to cancel due to the circumstances related to Coronavirus. However this is dependent on several factors, including your destination, the date you made your booking, your departure date, your arrival date, your country of origin, and your reason for travelling. If your cancellation falls under this category the property is obliged to provide a refund or offer a free date change or a credit for future stay. Please sign in and select the relevant booking to see your options. Why does Coronavirus not impact the general policy for Booking.com? Cancellation due to Coronavirus is dependent on several factors, including where you're travelling to, your country of origin, your arrival date, and your reason for travelling. Individual reservation policies are set by the property you’ve booked. As such, it would not be appropriate to make a universal change to our policy. Can I move my booking to a future date? Moving your booking to a future date depends on the policies of the reservation. Please sign in using either your Booking.com account or confirmation number and PIN, select the booking you want to change, and you’ll see what options are available. You may also contact the property to ask for a date change. Will I get charged additionally if I move my reservation to a future date? If you change your dates and the property has availability there may be a difference in price (higher or lower). This may be due to seasonality or different rates on weekdays versus weekends. If the rates are higher, you will have to pay the difference between the original price and the price for your new dates. If they are lower, the price difference will be reflected in your booking. How can I cancel or postpone a reservation I made through AGODA? If you made a reservation via our sister company Agoda, you should refer to their own website and apps for advice on how to make any changes. Please visit Agoda for more information. Can I give my reservation to someone else? Please contact the property directly if you would like to transfer the reservation to someone else. Each property will have its own policies around this type of change to a reservation and can inform you appropriately what those policies are. Booking.com attractions How can I get help with an existing reservation on Booking.com? We understand that due to Coronavirus (COVID-19) and its health implications, you may want to change your plans. For further support, please sign into your Booking.com account and visit our Customer Service Help Centre. What should I do about my upcoming tickets for an attraction? As a first step, please check if your visit is still possible. Check the attraction provider’s and local authorities’ websites for info about current restrictions. If your visit is no longer possible, you can cancel your attraction booking here. For any other questions, contact our customer service team. Booking.com car rental Hiring a car from Booking.com and wondering how your booking may be affected by Coronavirus? Here’s the latest information on what you can do if you want to rent a car, or if you need to change or cancel your travel plans. For up-to-date Coronavirus information and the latest travel advice, please consult your national government website or the World Health Organisation. For information on what car rental companies are doing to protect customers and staff, see our car rental safety guide. Already booked a rental car? You can change your booking at any time If you’ve already made a booking, you’re free to change the time and/or the place. You can go later – postpone your rental. You can go somewhere else – choose a car in a different destination. Whatever you decide, you can change your booking online, or by contacting us. You won’t pay any admin fees for changing your booking, although it may affect the rental price. You can cancel your booking If you – or your rental car – are in an area that’s affected by travel restrictions, we’ll do everything we can to help. Please just get in touch before your rental is due to start. If you’re not directly affected by the Coronavirus: You can cancel the vast majority of Booking.com car rental bookings for free, as long as you give us at least 48 hours’ notice. If you paid a booking deposit, or booked a Dollar/Thrifty car, the rules are a bit different. For details, please see your rental terms: just access your booking, enter your email address and car reservation number, then scroll down and click the rental company’s ‘Terms and Conditions’. You’ll find the cancellation policy under ‘Important Information’. To cancel, just access your booking online, or contact us. If Coronavirus has you rethinking your travel plans, remember that you can change the timing or location of your car rental free of charge. Thinking of booking a car? With the vast majority of Booking.com car rental bookings, you can cancel for free up to 48 hours before you pick up the car. So if you’re thinking about renting a car, you can always book it now, and change or cancel your rental later on. Bought Full Protection Insurance? Cancelling your rental will automatically cancel your Full Protection Insurance, so you’ll get a refund of the insurance premium you paid. If you cancel before your rental is due to start, you’ll get your premium refunded in full. If you cancel after your rental is due to start, you’ll get a partial refund (as long as you’re cancelling less than 14 days after buying the insurance). For example, if you cancel 4 days into an 8-day rental, you’ll get half your insurance premium back. Driving licence expired or about to expire? Renewing a driving licence during Coronavirus can be difficult, which is why various governments have agreed to extend lots of licences that expire in 2020. When you pick your car up, the counter staff will apply the following rules when they check your licence. If you have a driving licence issued by the UK or any EU country except Italy: If your licence expired between 1 February and 31 August 2020, it will remain valid for 7 months after its expiry date. If you have an Italian driving licence: If your licence expired before 31 January 2020, it’s no longer valid If your licence expired in June, July or August 2020, it will remain valid for another 7 months after its expiry date If your licence expired/will expire on any other date in 2020, it will remain valid until 31 December 2020. Booking.com airport taxis Here's the latest information on booking, changing or cancelling transport with us during Coronavirus (COVID-19). As the global situation evolves, we want to reassure you that nothing is more important to us than the safety and wellbeing of our customers. That's why we're working closely with our taxi partners around the world to help them follow the latest government advice on maintaining clean, hygienic environments for customers. Just so you know, we're asking all customers to wear a face covering when travelling with us for health and safety reasons. Travelling without one may result in the driver refusing to start your journey. I'd like to book a taxi, but what if my plans change? All our taxi options are flexible, so you can make a booking now and change or cancel it later if your plans are affected. I can't take my taxi because of travel restrictions. What should I do about my booking? If you can't travel due to local guidance or international restrictions, you can change or cancel your taxi booking up to 24 hours before the pick-up time. How can I change my taxi booking? Simply log in to My booking with the booking reference and email address used to book. You can make changes up to 24 hours before the pick-up time. How can I cancel my taxi booking? If you no longer need your taxi, you can cancel for free in most circumstances. Simply log in to My booking, or follow the 'Manage my booking' link in your confirmation email. If your taxi is in less than 24 hours, please get in touch using our online contact form. If you cancel your taxi at least 24 hours before the pick-up time, you will get a full refund within 3 to 5 working days. This will be credited to the original payment method you used. Getting in touch Should you have any questions about a taxi booking, please use our online contact form. Our customer service team is available 24/7, and usually responds within 2 hours. Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account