The Best Hawaii Hotels – Where To Stay in and around Hawaii, United States Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Hawaii, United States Enter your dates and choose from 5,626 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United States Hawaii Check out these popular cities in Hawaii Honolulu 1250 hotels Lahaina 386 hotels Kailua-Kona 429 hotels Wailea 543 hotels Hilo 57 hotels Kapaa 141 hotels Lihue 20 hotels Waikoloa 262 hotels Kihei 553 hotels Koloa 225 hotels Kahuku 32 hotels Princeville 234 hotels Stay in Hawaii's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Halepuna Waikiki by Halekulani 4 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Located in the heart of Waikiki, 2 minutes' walk to Waikiki Beach, Halepuna Waikiki is a luxury boutique hotel surrounded by shopping and dining. I like the hotel staff the best; Very sincere and super helpful. My room was ready very early; I actually got my requested 11am checkin as requested. Everything was wrapped and sanitized!, e.g., TV remote. Great Toto washlette!! Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,527 reviews Price from CAD 433 per night Check availability Kona Tiki Hotel Hotel in Kailua-Kona Located in Kailua-Kona, 400 metres from Honl’s Beach, Kona Tiki Hotel provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and barbecue facilities. location is great, staff very friendly and helpful. room was great, amazing views. bed very comfortable. modern room. car park available. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 148 reviews Price from CAD 317 per night Check availability The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Discover Waikiki’s most distinctive luxury resort experience that combines home conveniences with resort amenities. Everything was great! The personnel so kind and gentle. 10/10. We surely come back! Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 286 reviews Price from CAD 845 per night Check availability Koloa Landing Resort at Po'ipu, Autograph Collection 4 stars Hotel in Poipu, Koloa Located on the southern tip of Kauai Island, Koloa Landing At Poipu Beach features 2 resort-style pools and a state-of-the-art fitness centre. The swimming pool was nice. It was nice that it was close to Poipu Beach. The staff were also friendly. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 174 reviews Price from CAD 810 per night Check availability Trump International Hotel Waikiki 5 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Featuring a full-service spa and an outdoor pool facility with dining service, Trump International Hotel Waikiki is less than 5 minutes' walk from the beach. Free WiFi is available. service was top notch! from the front desk, housekeeping to concierge to even the valets on the ground floor. they arranged all our activities, made reservations and transportation! all so smiley and helpful! Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 722 reviews Price from CAD 546 per night Check availability Hotel Wailea, Relais & Châteaux - Adults Only 5 stars Hotel in Wailea Nestled on a cliff overlooking Maui's southern coastline on 15 landscaped acres, the Hotel Wailea, Relais & Chateaux - Adults Only features luxurious facilities and spacious suites. I have never made a review in booking, but for this hotel I have to make the best review, even thought we had trouble with hot shower in the first day, the hotel did every possible to compensate the issue, providing us with an update and giving us 50% off and free breakfast, beside of that, I have never seen a more gentle staff and a more incredible service in my life! Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 103 reviews Price from CAD 1,215 per night Check availability Aaron’s cottage 3 stars Hotel in Hilo Located in Hilo, within 700 metres of Onekahakaha Beach and 1.2 km of Kealoha Beach Park, Aaron’s cottage provides accommodation with a garden and free WiFi throughout the property as well as free... Bungalow #5 is so cute and was perfect our stay in Hilo. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 176 per night Check availability Sea Village #3202 Hotel in Kailua-Kona Sea Village #3202 is set in Kailua-Kona, within 700 metres of Honl’s Beach and 1.7 km of Magic Sands Beach. The kitchen was well supplied. The bed was quite comfortable. We liked having beach towels and mats. Having a washer and dryer was a real plus. Ceiling fans were needed and worked well. Location was excellent. Enjoyed the pool and hot tub. Apartment was clean and nicely decorated. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 6 reviews Price from CAD 169 per night Check availability Kona Bali Kai #230 Hotel in Kailua-Kona Situated in Kailua-Kona, 1.1 km from Pahoehoe Beach Park, Kona Bali Kai #230 features views of the pool. The condo unit was very well furnished, including everything you would need for a more lengthy stay (things like all the plates, silverware, pots & pans, BBQ equipment, etc., etc.. Most of the furnishings and white goods (refrigerator, washer & dryer, etc.) were quite new, and the unit also had a lot of nice personal touches and decorative items that made it very comfortable. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 162 per night Check availability Island Surf 508 Hotel in Kihei Set within 300 metres of Cove Beach and 600 metres of Kamaole Beach, Island Surf 508 offers rooms in Kihei. Featuring an ATM, this property also provides guests with a children's playground. Location, Location, Location! Near to the beach, parks, shopping, and dining. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 5 reviews Check availability See all 5,424 hotels in Hawaii Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Hawaii with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Hotel Wailea, Relais & Châteaux - Adults Only 5 stars Hotel in Wailea 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Halepuna Waikiki by Halekulani 4 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu 24 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 Trump International Hotel Waikiki 5 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Koloa Landing Resort at Po'ipu, Autograph Collection 4 stars Hotel in Poipu, Koloa 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Hotel 5 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu 11 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Mahina Surf 109 Hotel in Kahana 8 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 Kona Tiki Hotel Hotel in Kailua-Kona 6 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Nohonani 306 Hotel in Kahana 8 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 Polynesian Shores 118 Hotel in Kahana 8 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 Kona Bali Kai #230 Hotel in Kailua-Kona 8 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 See all Most booked hotels in Hawaii in the past month See all Halepuna Waikiki by Halekulani 4 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 9.0 Superb 1,527 reviews Wayfinder Waikiki 4 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 8.5 Very good 537 reviews Waikiki Resort Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 8.1 Very good 3,208 reviews 'Alohilani Resort Waikiki Beach 5 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 8.0 Very good 2,866 reviews Queen Kapiolani Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 8.4 Very good 2,980 reviews The Twin Fin Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 8.0 Very good 1,218 reviews Waikiki Malia 3 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 8.1 Very good 1,618 reviews Ala Moana Hotel - Resort Fee Included 3 stars Hotel in Downtown Honolulu, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 7.9 Good 2,275 reviews Ohia Waikiki Studio Suites 3 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 6.5 Review score 2,640 reviews OUTRIGGER Waikiki Beachcomber Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Popular with guests booking hotels in Hawaii 8.7 Fabulous 916 reviews Hawaii's best hotels with breakfast See all Waikiki Resort Hotel Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu Breakfast options Just 2 minutes’ walk away from Waikiki Beach and Kuhio Beach Park, this hotel offers an outdoor pool and sun terrace. Each room and suite includes a private balcony with ocean, mountain or city views.... Super friendly and great location Show more Show less From CAD 230 per night 8.1 Very good 3,208 reviews Embassy Suites By Hilton Oahu Kapolei - FREE Breakfast Hotel in Kapolei Breakfast options Situated in Kapolei, 22 km from USS Bowfin Submarine Museum & Park, Embassy Suites By Hilton Oahu Kapolei - FREE Breakfast features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a... Our 6 nights in the Hilton Oahu Kapolei were just awesome! Show more Show less From CAD 355 per night 8.9 Fabulous 388 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites Oahu/Kapolei, HI - FREE Breakfast Hotel in Kapolei Breakfast options Featuring free WiFi and a complimentary daily breakfast, Hampton Inn & Suites Oahu/Kapolei, HI offers modern accommodations in Kapolei on the west side of Oahu. Our check-in was great, room was clean and beautiful, bed was comfortable, location and parking were... Show more Show less From CAD 244 per night 8.7 Fabulous 340 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Maui Kahului Airport Hotel in Kahului Breakfast options Located on Maui, Courtyard by Marriott Maui Kahului Airport features an outdoor swimming pool and is less than 5 minutes’ drive to Kahului Airport. Clean and quite rooms, late check out at noon Show more Show less From CAD 699 per night 8.1 Very good 227 reviews AC Hotel by Marriott Maui Wailea Hotel in Wailea Breakfast options Situated in Wailea, 1.3 km from Ulua Beach, AC Hotel by Marriott Maui Wailea features accommodation with a fitness centre and private parking. Breakfast is amazing. The view 😍 Show more Show less From CAD 711 per night 8.5 Very good 79 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Oahu Kapolei Hotel in Kapolei Breakfast options Set in Kapolei, 22 km from USS Bowfin Submarine Museum & Park, Residence Inn by Marriott Oahu Kapolei offers accommodation with free bikes, private parking, a restaurant and a bar. the property was clean and staff was friendly and helpful. Show more Show less From CAD 327 per night 8.6 Fabulous 97 reviews The Westin Hapuna Beach Resort Hotel in Hapuna Beach Breakfast options Providing an oceanfront location directly on Hapuna Beach, The Westin Hapuna Beach Resort offers easy access to a variety of recreational activities, including an 18-hole golf course, along with a... Room, bed, views, adult pool, beach, restaurants. Housekeeping, bathroom. Show more Show less From CAD 999 per night 8.9 Fabulous 91 reviews Ala Moana Hotel - Resort Fee Included Hotel in Downtown Honolulu, Honolulu Breakfast options With a newly transformed Lobby, Starbucks Lounge, Porte Cochère as well as a total modernization of the hotel's pool deck, the new and improved Ala Moana Hotel by Mantra is ready to welcome you back... Close to shopping center & excellent location Show more Show less From CAD 283 per night 7.9 Good 2,275 reviews Budget hotels in Hawaii See all Kona Tiki Hotel Hotel in Kailua-Kona Budget Hotel Located in Kailua-Kona, 400 metres from Honl’s Beach, Kona Tiki Hotel provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and barbecue facilities. location is great, staff very friendly and helpful. room was great, amazing views. Show more Show less From CAD 317 per night 9.1 Superb 148 reviews Aaron’s cottage Hotel in Hilo Budget Hotel Located in Hilo, within 700 metres of Onekahakaha Beach and 1.2 km of Kealoha Beach Park, Aaron’s cottage provides accommodation with a garden and free WiFi throughout the property as well as free... Bungalow #5 is so cute and was perfect our stay in Hilo. Show more Show less From CAD 176 per night 9.6 Exceptional 5 reviews Sea Village #3202 Hotel in Kailua-Kona Budget Hotel Sea Village #3202 is set in Kailua-Kona, within 700 metres of Honl’s Beach and 1.7 km of Magic Sands Beach. The kitchen was well supplied. The bed was quite comfortable. We liked having beach towels and mats. Show more Show less From CAD 169 per night 9.3 Superb 6 reviews Kona Bali Kai #230 Hotel in Kailua-Kona Budget Hotel Situated in Kailua-Kona, 1.1 km from Pahoehoe Beach Park, Kona Bali Kai #230 features views of the pool. The condo unit was very well furnished, including everything you would need for a more lengthy stay... Show more Show less From CAD 162 per night 9.8 Exceptional 5 reviews Island Surf 508 Hotel in Kihei Budget Hotel Set within 300 metres of Cove Beach and 600 metres of Kamaole Beach, Island Surf 508 offers rooms in Kihei. Featuring an ATM, this property also provides guests with a children's playground. Location, Location, Location! Near to the beach, parks, shopping, and dining. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 5 reviews Polynesian Shores 118 Hotel in Kahana Budget Hotel Located in Kahana and within 500 metres of Pohaku Park Beach, Polynesian Shores 118 features a garden, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. Absolutely breathtaking, super clean and the view is non comparable, very quiet and nice community Show more Show less From CAD 203 per night 9.4 Superb 5 reviews Wavecrest A212 Hotel in Kaunakakai Budget Hotel Wavecrest A212 provides beachfront accommodation in Kaunakakai. The accommodation provides an ATM and free WiFi throughout the property. Gorgeous ocean view from lanai!, We loved sitting there for meals and at night! Show more Show less From CAD 135 per night 9.5 Exceptional 6 reviews Hale Ono Loa 210 Hotel in Kahana Budget Hotel Hale Ono Loa 210 is set on the beachfront in Kahana, less than 1 km from Pohaku Park Beach and 4.5 km from Whalers Village Shopping Center. beautiful place convenient to everything in west Maui. lovely sunsets! Show more Show less From CAD 207 per night 9.5 Exceptional 19 reviews Hotels in Hawaii that you can book without a credit card See all Maui Kamaole M104 Hotel in Wailea No credit card needed Set in Wailea, within less than 1 km of Keawakapu Beach and a 14-minute walk of Mokapu Beach, Maui Kamaole M104 features accommodation with free WiFi throughout the property. The ability to come and go the open concept and cleanliness ⁵ every thing that a kitchen needed... Show more Show less From CAD 252 per night 9.3 Superb 9 reviews Alii Kai Resort #5102 Hotel in Princeville No credit card needed Set in Princeville and within 2.1 km of Sea Lodge Beach, Alii Kai Resort #5102 has a garden, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. by remodeling and removing second bedroom the owner created a huge living area with windows to the... Show more Show less From CAD 169 per night 9.2 Superb 6 reviews Pali Ke Kua #3 Hotel in Princeville No credit card needed Situated in Princeville and within 1 km of Hideaway Beach, Pali Ke Kua #3 has a garden, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. Loved the decor and all the conveniences of home! Show more Show less From CAD 372 per night 9.6 Exceptional 5 reviews Lauloa Resort 303 Hotel in Wailuku No credit card needed Located in Wailuku and within 400 metres of Maalaea Beach, Lauloa Resort 303 features a garden, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. Amenities we prefect. Two bedroom/two bathroom, excellent view, nice kitchen, washer and dryer... Show more Show less From CAD 279 per night 9.0 Superb 8 reviews Nohonani 306 Hotel in Kahana No credit card needed Nohonani 306 is located on the beachfront in Kahana, 100 metres from Honokowai Beach Park and 1.3 km from Pohaku Park Beach. Location was great! I loved the view and the private beach. Kitchen had everything we needed. Show more Show less From CAD 270 per night 9.4 Superb 8 reviews Kauai Beach Villas D10 Hotel in Lihue No credit card needed Kauai Beach Villas D10 is set in Lihue, within 4.8 km of Lydgate State Park and 10 km of Wailua Falls. The location is perfect, it’s central to everything on the island. Show more Show less From CAD 324 per night 9.5 Exceptional 6 reviews Pali Ke Kua #4 Hotel in Princeville No credit card needed Pali Ke Kua #4 is situated in Princeville, within 42 km of Opaekaa Falls and 50 km of Nawiliwili Park. Everything about the property was great. Show more Show less From CAD 243 per night 9.1 Superb 13 reviews Pili Mai Hotel in Kipu No credit card needed Set in Kipu, 1.5 km from Kiahuna Beach, Pili Mai features views of the garden. The property is situated 2.2 km from Brennecke’s Beach, 2.2 km from Poipu Beach and 29 km from Wailua Falls. property had everything we needed Show more Show less From CAD 284 per night 9.5 Exceptional 37 reviews Hawaii highlights The Hawai'i Volcanoes National Park Explore ancient lava caves and a cluster of volcanos on Big Island that are as much as 60,000 years old. Golf in Hawaii Golfers will enjoy the Kohala Coast on Hawaii Island, also known as the Golf Capital of Hawaii. Discover Molokai Travel by mule through Molokai's Kalaupapa National Historical Park and enjoy the stunning coastal vistas. Na Pali Coast State Park and snorkelling at Ha’ena State Park Discover Ke'e beach with its calm ocean lagoon, then snorkel over stunning coral reefs along the Na Pali coast. Helicopter tour of the Waimea Canyon State Park Take a helicopter tour of Waimea Canyon State Park and get a bird's eye view of Hawaii's Grand Canyon. Parker Ranch This 160-year-old ranch is home to Spanish and Hawaiian ibex goats, Polynesian boar with 6-inch tusks and other local fauna. Akaka Falls State Park Trek through the lush rainforests of Big Island to the 135-metre Akaka Falls, also known as Kahuna Falls. Swim with sea turtles in Honanau Bay See the protected honu, or green sea turtles, as they sun themselves on Lanai's north coast. Biking in Hawaii Set out and explore the islands, discovering dramatic landscapes like that of Haleakala volcano on Maui. Valley of the Temples Memorial Park Home to a replica of an 11th-century Buddhist temple, this park is set in rolling hills near the Koʻolau mountains. FAQs about hotels in Hawaii What hotels in Hawaii offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Hawaii that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Halepuna Waikiki by Halekulani, Embassy Suites By Hilton Oahu Kapolei - FREE Breakfast and Trump International Hotel Waikiki. Breakfast at these hotels in Hawaii are also highly rated: The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Hotel, VIVE Hotel Waikiki and Koloa Landing Resort at Po'ipu, Autograph Collection. How much is a hotel in Hawaii for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 561 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Hawaii for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 840 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Hawaii will cost around CAD 1,517 (based on Booking.com prices). What hotels in Hawaii have nice views? Maalaea Kai 305, Mauna Kai 8 and Sealodge G9 have received great reviews from travellers in Hawaii regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying in Hawaii also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Waikoloa Fairway Villas #L22, Trump International Hotel Waikiki and Kona Tiki Hotel. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Hawaii? On average, 3-star hotels in Hawaii cost CAD 283 per night, and 4-star hotels in Hawaii are CAD 401 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Hawaii can on average be found for CAD 789 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How many hotels in Hawaii are listed on Booking.com? There are 5,515 hotels in Hawaii you can book on Booking.com. What are the best hotels to stay in Hawaii? Halepuna Waikiki by Halekulani, Trump International Hotel Waikiki and Hotel Wailea, Relais & Châteaux - Adults Only are some of the popular hotels in Hawaii. In addition to these hotels, Kona Tiki Hotel, The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Waikiki Beach Hotel and Koloa Landing Resort at Po'ipu, Autograph Collection are also popular in Hawaii. What are the best hotels in Hawaii near Pearl Harbor / WW II Valor in the Pacific National Monument? Some of the best hotels in Hawaii near Pearl Harbor / WW II Valor in the Pacific National Monument include Airport Honolulu Hotel, Best Western The Plaza Hotel - Free Breakfast and Pacific Marina Inn. Which hotels in Hawaii are good for families? Many families visiting Hawaii loved staying at Kona Bali Kai #230, Sea Village #3202 and Polynesian Shores 118. Similarly, Kolea Kai 16D, Hale Ono Loa 210 and Wavecrest A212 are also popular among family travellers. What are some popular places to stay in and around Hawaii? Popular places to stay in Hawaii include hotels near Pearl Harbor / WW II Valor in the Pacific National Monument, Ala Moana Center and Front Street Lahaina. What are the best cities to stay in Hawaii? Honolulu, Kailua-Kona and Hilo are popular with other travellers visiting Hawaii. What hotels in Hawaii are good for couples? Couples travelling in Hawaii loved staying at Nohonani 306, Kolea Kai 16D and Aaron’s cottage. Similarly, these hotels in Hawaii are highly rated by couples: Honua Kai - Konea 738, ESPACIO THE JEWEL OF WAIKIKI and Pili Mai. How much is a hotel in Hawaii for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Hawaii this weekend is CAD 561 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 675. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Hawaii for this weekend cost on average around CAD 1,714 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What is the best neighbourhood to stay in Hawaii? Waikiki, Keauhou and Poipu are popular with other travellers visiting Hawaii. The American Dream Hawaii is everything you’ve seen in films and more. The USA’s 50th and most exotic state comprises over 19 volcanic islands with diverse landscapes, amazing beaches and rainforest greenery. It’s an exclusive destination, so of all Hawaii hotels, 5 star properties make up a decent proportion. Home to Pearl Harbour, the capital Honolulu on O’ahu island has many hotels by Waikiki beach, immortalised in song and famous for excellent nightlife and surfing, as anyone familiar with Hawaii-5-0 will know. Northern O’ahu has some of the best winter surfing around. The nearest island is laidback Molokai and to its south is unspoilt Lanai. East is the island home to most Hawaii hotels – Maui. Hiking to the green peaks of its rugged interior gives a completely different viewpoint. Of course, the beaches are still the main attraction and there is a long line of hotels on the beach on Booking.com, from green Lahaina all the way to beautiful Kapalua. Other fantastic beaches are found at Kihei and neighbouring Wailea. South-west is Hawai’I (Big Island), dominated by Mauna Loa – one of the world’s largest volcanoes. In its foothills are the joint resorts of Kailua and Kona, while the northern Kohala coast provides spectacular scenery. In the east Hilo curves around a bay and is home to the island’s airport. Planning a trip? Get inspired by reviews of cities in Hawaii 10 I joined a tour to Diamond Head and climbed the crater to... I joined a tour to Diamond Head and climbed the crater to encounter expansive views; did the Moana/ Jurassic rainforest hike in the rain but the forest and fall are worth the hike; I joined aPearl Harbour and Wai Kele outlets bus group, both worth the time and effort. the Royal Hawaiian provided us with a delightful experience over our 9 day stay and the location is amazing. Shopping is to die for in the local area. Show more Show less Suzanne Australia 10 Honolulu is a great city with many landmarks and great... Honolulu is a great city with many landmarks and great places to visit. It is easy to navigate around the city and I particularly liked the International Market and the Hilton Villlage. The Highlight of my trip was Pearl Harbour and the history of Hawaii. The Hop on Hop Off bus is a great way to get around and see the sites and is a reasonable price. The trolley bus is also a cheap way to get around. The shopping is amazing with many choices from low end to high end. There's plenty of shops for souvenirs especially the ABC Shops. Show more Show less Stewart's Bay weekend Australia 8.0 Loved the beach, the hula and Hawaiin music on the beach,... Loved the beach, the hula and Hawaiin music on the beach, the zoo was great, the Cheesecake Factory and 50s/60s style Rock Island Cafe were fabulous. Enjoyed our bus tour of Valley of the Temples and Northern Beaches and also the Pearl Harbour Tour. Show more Show less Shirley Australia 10 5th visit to Honolulu and every visit I discover something... 5th visit to Honolulu and every visit I discover something else I love about this Island. The Hawaiian people are just beautiful the island gets more stunning with every visit and the new places I discover Show more Show less Anonymous Australia 10 Weather was nice, not too hot but really soothing. Weather was nice, not too hot but really soothing. Waikiki Trolley connection a great way to get around and all part if the Outrigger package. Had a great dinner at Roy's and super lunch at Tommy Bahama. Golf at Royal Hawaiin was a pleasure. Show more Show less Craig New Zealand 10 Stayed in Waikiki, 7th visit. Stayed in Waikiki, 7th visit. Love everything...beautiful clean beaches, warm ocean, amazing shopping. So many places to see on this naturally beautiful island.. love the Hawaiian culture & spirit of Aloha. Show more Show less Jennifer Australia 10 you can buy some Hawaiian clothes (local product) at Target... you can buy some Hawaiian clothes (local product) at Target with much cheaper price than any other shop outside. Show more Show less ThuyThanh Taiwan 10 Loved the people watching, buskers and the innumerable... Loved the people watching, buskers and the innumerable Japanese brides tripping along the street with a look of newly wedded bliss upon their faces. Loved Tucker and Bevy chain for healthy toasties, chicken & salad combos with dipping sauces/dressings for lunch and dinner. Great coffee at Kai Coffee Hawaii, in Hyyatt Regency Hotel(shopping arcade) La Cucaracha MexicanBar &Grill, 2446 Koa Ave, for Margaritas and try The Big Mama 10"tostada-delicious! Go early to grab an upstairs balcony table. Waikiki beach is beautiful but watch the currents and waves, quite strong.You can get on and off a bus for $5 US per day which will take you uo most of the eastern side of the island-great for trying out different beaches. Turtle Beach is fantastic for viewing green sea turtles close to shore. Hanauma Bay is beautiful and great for snorkelling, lots of fish. Show more Show less Jill Australia 8.0 Awesome experiences, food but most of all the people of... Awesome experiences, food but most of all the people of HAWAII are friendly 😀 TURO RENT A CAR is highly recommended and SHARK CAGE Experience. Show more Show less Marikhris Canada 10 Very helpful people. Very helpful people. Especially Melanie at Royal Hawaiian Hotel activities desk, & the crew of the Ohana Lava Boat. Highly recommended. Very scenic & lush. Fabulous shoreline & access. Easy close access to airport. No vog like Kailua-Kona side. Wish we had more time here. Show more Show less Laurie New Zealand Explore guest reviews of hotels in Hawaii See all VIVE Hotel Waikiki Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu From CAD 242 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,007 reviews The hotel is very peaceful and stylish and we had an amazing ocean and city view. Room was cleaned daily and the staff has been very attentive and helpful at all times. Breakfast was great and there were different options every day (ignore negative reviews about the lack of cheese and yogurt, because ofcourse that’s not something that Hawaiians eat). The location of the hotel is perfect as it’s one block away from Waikikii beach and next to all the good restaurants and convenience stores. We will definitely be coming back again. Show more Show less Sandra United States Shoreline Hotel Waikiki Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu From CAD 201 per night 8.2 Very good 779 reviews BEAUTIFUL!!! Exactly what I would expect from a Hawaii hotel for my first time visiting. It's NOT a resort hotel, but the attached restaurant is great and the location for the price is perfect! Very close to all the shopping and the beach. And across the street are a couple amazing food trucks. One with fresh and unique donuts. The hotel was clean, friendly and they have a valet that made sure my rental was taken care of and ready when I needed it. We loved it so much, we extended an extra night! Show more Show less kayla United States Kauai Palms Hotel Hotel in Lihue From CAD 223 per night 7.1 Good 1,551 reviews This is an older well kept hotel with a Hawaii vibe. Hotel prices in Kauai are high. We spent almost the same amount for nicer hotels on the other islands. Location is good, staff very nice and helpful. Parking is good. Coffee is GREAT! We stayed 4 days instead of 2 because our plans changed. If you're on a tight budget, this hotel fits the bill. Restaurants within walking distance. My special needs son loved the cat Mango and of course chickens/roosters thru-out Hawaii. Show more Show less Cheryl Jo United States The Royal Hawaiian, A Luxury Collection Resort, Waikiki Waikiki, Honolulu From CAD 516 per night 8.7 Fabulous 368 reviews Best location in Waikiki Beach (you can walk right into the beach). The Royal Hawaiian provides a very luxurious experience in a beautiful historic building surrounded by all the entertainment you can imagine in Waikiki. The staff was beyond helpful and friendly; they truly cared about us and making sure that we were satisfied with our stay. Other perks are that the Mai Tai Bar has pretty good food, and you can use the shared pool and hot tub at the Sheraton next door. Show more Show less Pedro United States Pahoa Village Hostel Pahoa From CAD 105 per night 8.3 Very good 51 reviews Location: So close to beach, hilo and vulcano national park Free Parking nearby Super spacious room with comfortable double bed Very friendly owner Least expensive private room on the whole island, maybe even in whole of state hawaii Kitchen fully equipped, Restrooms nice Nice sitting area outside, and hanging around makes fun too, super quiet to sleep. My favorite Hostel from now on, i would call the whole area with private rooms more like HOTEL instead of HOSTEL Show more Show less Marcel Schmid New Zealand Aeolian Ranch Kailua-Kona From CAD 107 per night 7.9 Good 648 reviews Loved this place. Hosts were very polite and nice, views were fantastic, and exactly what we needed. My wife and I accidentally booked our original hotel a night short than when our flight was so we needed a place to stay for the evening to shower and rest. This place is well worth the cost and with a beautiful living room view of the coat. If we are ever back in Hawaii we will definitely drop in here again. Show more Show less Patrick United States Maui Vista Vacation Condo Kihei From CAD 203 per night 8.8 Fabulous 43 reviews We spent a week in the apartment, and it truly felt like our home away from home! The place is equipped with everything you could possibly need, including a fully stocked kitchen, washer and dryer, and all the beach essentials. The apartment's decor surrounds you with a charming Hawaiian ambiance. Our experience was perfect, and saying goodbye was tough. Wholehearted recommendation! Show more Show less Yuval Israel The Surfjack Hotel & Swim Club Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu From CAD 253 per night 8.5 Very good 697 reviews The Restaurant was fantastic. We loved the hipster vibe of the entire hotel. Just a few blocks walk to the luxury shopping strip and closer to Waikiki beach than we expected. This is a dog hotel which we did not realise on booking. They have strict dog rules and there were no problems at all. The coffee shop had fantastic esspresso coffee which is hard to find in Hawaii. Show more Show less Lisa Australia Kona Coast Resort Hotel in Kailua-Kona From CAD 334 per night 8.7 Fabulous 845 reviews We have been staying for three weeks on Hawaii and among the places we stayed, this was clearly the best. Reasonable price, large and clean room. We stayed in the 2BR apartment and everything was provided, even small salt and pepper shaker, dishwasher and washer detergents (which was not always the case in other properties). We are more than happy to come again. Show more Show less Thomas Switzerland Aqua Palms Waikiki Waikiki, Honolulu From CAD 201 per night 8.0 Very good 959 reviews I liked it. I was ready for a typical 3 stars hotel but this one is better. You are close to the ocean and everything. Right across the street from Hilton Village at a much affordable price. Honestly I cannot fault it. The staff goes beyond. I was treated better than in a 5star hotel in NYC where I went after Hawaii. Worth the try. Show more Show less Ioana United States Ilikai Lite Waikiki, Honolulu From CAD 323 per night 8.1 Very good 101 reviews Well situated and great to be in an iconic hotel in Hawaii. The staff were friendly and helpful and even gave us some bubbly to help celebrate our anniversary. Of all the places we stayed during our stay in Hawaii, especially on Oahu, this felt like we were in Hawaii. Loved the ice-bream, nachos and water vouchers. Show more Show less DARRELL Australia Royal Kahana Maui by OUTRIGGER Lahaina 8.2 Very good 16 reviews The staff was very wonderful...they were very personaland made us feel at home...Angie was exceptional and very helpful in assuring my visit to Hawaii was one to remember... This Hotel is under rated and should be considered a 5star...I will return in August and will return to this Hotel Show more Show less Pirtle Andray United States Castle Hilo Hawaiian Hotel Hotel in Hilo From CAD 313 per night 7.9 Good 1,559 reviews By far our absolute favorite thing about staying at the Hilo Hawaiian is the VIEW!!! We love the view of the Bay, of the coast line, and especially Mauna Kea! We were very grateful how the Hotel accommodated our requests to have a room with an unobstructed view. Show more Show less Geralyn United States Aqua Skyline at Island Colony Waikiki, Honolulu From CAD 178 per night 7.0 Good 468 reviews Excellent location in the center of Waikiki. You can walk to the beach through the famous Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It has a convenience store inside the hotel. The staff are excellent. They were very friendly and polite everyday. I think this hotel excellent value. Show more Show less Thomas Japan BeachFront Kihei Kai Nani - Maui Vista Deluxe Condos Kihei From CAD 466 per night 8.5 Very good 37 reviews The location is perfect - close to the beautiful Hawaiian beach. the apartment is very comfortable and very clean. Full of necessary amenities for individuals and for family stay. Very clean! very close to the shopping center and local bars and restaurant. Show more Show less Michal Poland Aston Kona By The Sea Kailua-Kona From CAD 283 per night 8.5 Very good 574 reviews Nice apartment hotel, with spacious and clean rooms. Balcony with view over the sea, nice pool. Nothing to complain about. Also we got the opportunity to use the pool and bathroom facilities as our flight out of Hawaii was an evening flight. Show more Show less Wilco_vande_Veerdonk Netherlands Wild Ginger Hotel Hotel in Hilo From CAD 168 per night 7.5 Good 284 reviews Hotel is very well located- near to downtown- just few minutes walk. It’s old Hawaiian style with amazing atmosphere - and even if first impression wasn’t “wow” I liked this place very much. It’s almost forgotten time - old Hawaii Show more Show less aga Poland Castle Bamboo Waikiki Hotel Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu From CAD 107 per night 7.2 Good 292 reviews Great location, 3mins from the beach. Rooms are a great size. Swimming pool, hot tub & outdoor area had a true Hawaiian feel to the hotel. Excellent value for money. Hotel staff were very helpful. Show more Show less Mark United Kingdom Aston at the Executive Centre Hotel Downtown Honolulu, Honolulu From CAD 283 per night 8.1 Very good 605 reviews rooms were nice and big, clean, nice mountain view. Checkin was quick and early, We were checked in at 12pm which was fantastic as our flight arrived in Hawaii at 8am. Much appreciated Aston!!! Show more Show less Ian Australia Manualoha 203 Poipu, Koloa 8.8 Fabulous 13 reviews I loved the location and the well stocked kitchen. I also appreciated the Hawaiian snacks provided . I appreciated the quick response to my ants in the bed problem! The pool was a delight! Show more Show less Jill Bermuda Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Honolulu Airport Find hotels conveniently close to the area's most popular airport – perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Kahului Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in the United States Set off to explore the whole country. Hotels in Honolulu A popular choice with guests visiting Hawaii. Hotels in Kailua-Kona A popular choice with guests visiting Hawaii. Hostels in Hawaii Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Resorts in Hawaii Still looking for the perfect place to stay? Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels on Maui Take a look at properties in a destination nearby. Hotels on Oahu Take a look at properties in a destination nearby. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440