The 10 best hotels close to Niagara Falls State Park in Niagara Falls, United States Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Hotels near Niagara Falls State Park, Niagara Falls Enter your dates and choose from 218 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United States Niagara Falls Niagara Falls State Park Featured hotels near Niagara Falls State Park Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Butler House Bed & Breakfast Downtown Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls (1.2 km from Niagara Falls State Park) Stay in the heart of Niagara Falls – Excellent location – show map The Butler House Bed & Breakfast is an American Craftsman-style Foursquare residence built circa 1910 located in the Park Place... Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 112 reviews Price from CAD 260 per night Check availability Seneca Niagara Resort & Casino Hotel in Downtown Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls (0.5 km from Niagara Falls State Park) This New York hotel is less than 1 km from Niagara Falls and boasts an on-site casino, spa, and various dining options. Shopping and dining in central Niagara Falls, NY is 2.6 km away. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 6,404 reviews Price from CAD 109 per night Check availability Redwood Bed and Breakfast Niagara Falls (1.3 km from Niagara Falls State Park) Overlooking the Niagara Gorge, this B&B is just 2 minutes’ drive to Niagara Falls. A hot breakfast is served daily. Victorian-style rooms are equipped with cable TV. Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 173 reviews Price from CAD 169 per night Check availability Red Coach Inn Downtown Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls (0.3 km from Niagara Falls State Park) Overlooking the Niagara River, this historic inn is located 1 km from the American Falls. The property has an on-site restaurant and free WiFi is offered. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 396 reviews Price from CAD 285 per night Check availability Susan's Villa Niagara Falls (1.1 km from Niagara Falls State Park) Susan's Villa is located in Niagara Falls and is 1 block from the Niagara River. The hotel offers spacious suites with free WiFi and complimentary parking. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 229 reviews Price from CAD 89 per night Check availability Comfort Inn The Pointe Hotel in Downtown Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls (0.2 km from Niagara Falls State Park) The Comfort Inn The Pointe is located at the entrance of Niagara Falls State Park and so close to Niagara Falls you can feel the mist. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 3,532 reviews Price from CAD 107 per night Check availability See more properties near Niagara Falls State Park Top 10 trending hotels near Niagara Falls State Park Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Hilton Niagara Falls/ Fallsview Hotel and Suites 4 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #1 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.0 Good 14,431 reviews Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls/ Fallsview 4 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #2 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.0 Good 7,311 reviews Days by Wyndham Niagara Falls Centre St. By the Falls 3 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #3 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.9 Good 5,235 reviews Comfort Inn Fallsview 3 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #4 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.0 Good 5,279 reviews Tower Hotel at Fallsview 4 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #5 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.7 Good 4,121 reviews Radisson Hotel & Suites Fallsview 4 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #6 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.3 Good 3,875 reviews Sheraton Fallsview Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #7 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.8 Good 4,545 reviews The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls 4 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #8 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.0 Good 9,140 reviews Niagara Falls Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa 4 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #9 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.8 Good 5,830 reviews The Falls Hotel & Inn 3 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #10 Booked hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 6.8 Review score 2,720 reviews See more hotels near Niagara Falls State Park Hilton Niagara Falls/ Fallsview Hotel and Suites 4 stars Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls #1 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.0 Good 14,431 reviews Embassy Suites by Hilton Niagara Falls/ Fallsview 4 stars Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls #2 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.0 Good 7,311 reviews Days by Wyndham Niagara Falls Centre St. By the Falls 3 stars Hotel in Niagara Falls #3 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.9 Good 5,238 reviews Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls 4 stars Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls #4 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.7 Good 2,883 reviews Tower Hotel at Fallsview 4 stars Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls #5 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.7 Good 4,121 reviews Vittoria Hotel & Suites 3 stars Hotel in Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls #6 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 8.2 Very good 5,823 reviews The Oakes Hotel Overlooking the Falls 4 stars Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls #7 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.0 Good 9,140 reviews Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls, ON 3 stars Hotel in Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls #8 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 8.1 Very good 3,530 reviews Niagara Falls Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa 4 stars Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls #9 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 7.8 Good 5,830 reviews The Falls Hotel & Inn 3 stars Hotel in Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls #10 Wish-listed hotel near Niagara Falls State Park 6.8 Review score 2,720 reviews See more hotels near Niagara Falls State Park Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Niagara Falls State Park See all Sterling Inn & Spa Hotel in Niagara Falls Breakfast options This hotel is located less than one mile from the Maid of the Mist Niagara Falls boat tour. It features a full service spa and free Wi-Fi in the rooms. Very friendly staff rooms a gorgeous Show more Show less From CAD 153.90 per night 9.0 Superb 2,533 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Niagara Falls New York Hotel in Downtown Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls Breakfast options Set in Downtown Niagara Falls, this property boasts an indoor swimming pool and an on-site restaurant and bar. Free WiFi is offered. Room was clean including the all public areas too bed was comfortable I was upgraded to a top floor... Show more Show less From CAD 117 per night 8.1 Very good 2,894 reviews Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Niagara Falls, ON Hotel in Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls Breakfast options Situated in Niagara Falls, Ontario, and within walking distance from the famous waterfall, this hotel offers a variety of modern conveniences in an ideal location. beautiful property- allowed us to check in early . very clean. great location. Show more Show less From CAD 65.61 per night 8.1 Very good 3,530 reviews Hampton Inn Niagara Falls Hotel in Downtown Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls Breakfast options Offering a central location in the heart of Niagara Falls, New York, minutes from the breathtaking falls, this hotel provides many thoughtful amenities as well as comfortable guestrooms. Nice clean comfortable property Show more Show less From CAD 106 per night 8.4 Very good 1,111 reviews Fairfield by Marriott Niagara Falls Hotel in Downtown Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls Breakfast options Located in Niagara Falls, Fairfield Inn & Suites Niagara Falls features an indoor heated pool and a fitness centre. Free, high-speed internet access is provided. Everything is good. Delicious meal. Show more Show less From CAD 132 per night 8.1 Very good 580 reviews Best Western Plus Cairn Croft Hotel Hotel in Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls Breakfast options Stay at this beautiful resort-style Niagara Falls hotel located on historic Lundy's Lane in Niagara Falls, Ontario. Not any words can express our pleasant stay. Show more Show less From CAD 129.99 per night 8.3 Very good 595 reviews Comfort Inn & Suites Niagara Falls Blvd USA Hotel in Niagara Falls Breakfast options Comfort Inn & Suites Niagara Falls Blvd USA is located in Niagara Falls, within 6.3 km of Niagara Falls Conference Center and 6.3 km of Old Falls Street. The staff were friendly and cooperative. The facility is clean and tidy. Show more Show less From CAD 106 per night 8.5 Very good 994 reviews River Rapids Inn Hotel in Niagara Falls Breakfast options Set in Niagara Falls, 500 metres from Whirlpool Aero Car, River Rapids Inn features air-conditioned rooms. Rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels. Excellent. Quiet, clean and comfortable. Free breakfast + parking. Show more Show less From CAD 67.50 per night 7.6 Good 1,594 reviews Budget hotels near Niagara Falls State Park See all Courtyard by Marriott Niagara Falls Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls Budget Hotel Just 1 block from Niagara Falls and the heart of the entertainment district, this hotel offers an indoor and outdoor pool. The Keg Steakhouse & Bar is located on site. The size was great. We were a family of four there was enough room for everyone Show more Show less From CAD 119 per night 8.2 Very good 1,408 reviews Fairfield by Marriott Niagara Falls, Canada Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls Budget Hotel This Fairfield by Marriott Niagara Falls, Canada hotel is only minutes from the Hornblower Niagara boat tour. It features an indoor pool and a free WiFi. The staff was really friendly, they let us checkin at 10 am and were super friendly. Show more Show less From CAD 107 per night 8.1 Very good 1,285 reviews DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls Budget Hotel Located within 500 metres of Niagara Falls, and surrounded by many popular area sites such as Clifton Hill and Fallsview, DoubleTree Fallsview Resort & Spa by Hilton - Niagara Falls features Buchanans... The staff is super friendly, the room is spacious and very comfortable, it is close to the points of... Show more Show less From CAD 139 per night 8.0 Very good 1,844 reviews Falls Manor Resort Hotel in Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls Budget Hotel This Niagara Falls, Ontario hotel is a 10-minute drive to Queen Victoria Park and Horseshoe Falls. This family-run resort features an outdoor pool and picnic area and an on-site restaurant. We are returning guests. The staff is exceptionally courteous and helpful. Show more Show less From CAD 79 per night 8.0 Very good 391 reviews The Falls Hotel & Inn Hotel in Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls Budget Hotel The Falls Hotel & Inn features air-conditioned rooms with cable flat-screen TV in the Clifton Hill district of Niagara Falls. We loved the location and the room was very spacious for our family which was great! Show more Show less From CAD 61 per night 6.8 Review score 2,720 reviews 7 Nights Stay Hotel in Niagara Falls Budget Hotel Offering free WiFi and on-site parking, 7 Nights Stay is located in Niagara Falls. Casino Niagara is 15 minutes' walk away. Awesome reception, service and thank you paaji and accepting our delay checkout. Show more Show less From CAD 63.65 per night 7.2 Good 1,407 reviews Wingate by Wyndham Niagara Falls Hotel in Downtown Niagara Falls, Niagara Falls Budget Hotel Featuring an indoor heated salt water pool and an on-site fitness centre, Wingate by Wyndham Niagara Falls is located in Niagara Falls, New York, just 300 metres from Maid of the Mist. The staff were beyond wonderful which put our minds and thoughts at ease. Show more Show less From CAD 92 per night 7.0 Good 2,825 reviews Quality Hotel Fallsview Cascade Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls Budget Hotel Perfect for business and leisure travelers alike, the Quality Hotel Fallsview Cascade is the closest hotel to Niagara Falls. location and my room was comfortable Show more Show less From CAD 67.15 per night 6.4 Review score 3,074 reviews Hotels with great access to Niagara Falls State Park! See all Cannery Lofts Niagara Hotel in Niagara Falls Great location Cannery Lofts Niagara is located in Niagara Falls, 1.5 km from Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort and 2.6 km from Niagara Falls Conference Center. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk. Amazing room, so stylish and cool. Amazing location. Absolutely perfect. Show more Show less From CAD 106.92 per night 8.9 Fabulous 300 reviews Vittoria Hotel & Suites Hotel in Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls Great location A few minutes walk from the world-famous Horseshoe Falls and offering on-site tour assistance to surrounding area attractions, this Niagara Falls, Ontario hotel features comfortable accommodations and... The Fabulous location ... stumbling distance to all manner of food and drink ... Show more Show less From CAD 142.45 per night 8.2 Very good 5,823 reviews Days by Wyndham Niagara Falls Centre St. By the Falls Hotel in Niagara Falls Great location Located in Niagara Falls, 500 metres from Casino Niagara, Days by Wyndham Niagara Falls Centre St. By the Falls offers express check-in and check-out and free WiFi throughout the property. Great location and kind staff! Show more Show less From CAD 72.24 per night 7.9 Good 5,235 reviews Sheraton Fallsview Hotel Hotel in Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls Great location Connected to Casino Niagara and Fallsview Indoor Waterpark, this hotel features views of the Niagara Falls. It offers on-site dining, shopping, and spa treatments. Excellent Hotel , Amazing view of the Falls From our 17TH Floor Room fire works over the falls every... Show more Show less From CAD 179 per night 7.8 Good 4,545 reviews Howard Johnson Plaza by Wyndham by the Falls Niagara Falls Hotel in Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls Great location Situated in the centre of the Clifton Hills tourist area, this Howard Johnson Plaza by Wyndham by the Falls Niagara Falls hotel is 8 minutes' walk from the Falls. Indoor and outdoor pools are... staff very helpful room very clean looked great for Valentine’s Day Show more Show less From CAD 79.95 per night 7.8 Good 3,804 reviews Niagara Falls Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls Great location Situated in Niagara Falls, 500 metres from Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort, Niagara Falls Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa features accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a shared lounge... Excellent room with a view. Clean Show more Show less From CAD 189 per night 7.8 Good 5,830 reviews Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls Great location Featuring a terrace and observation deck overlooking the Falls, Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is only 500 metres from Fallsview Casino. The view,the room,the location Show more Show less From CAD 179 per night 7.7 Good 2,883 reviews Tower Hotel at Fallsview Hotel in Fallsview, Niagara Falls Great location Situated conveniently in the Fallsview district of Niagara Falls, Tower Hotel at Fallsview is set 500 metres from Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort, 1.1 km from Skylon Tower and 1.9 km from Casino... Everything was nice. Reception is very nice. Rooms are very cool for this price. Show more Show less From CAD 1,199 per night 7.7 Good 4,121 reviews Planning a trip to see the Niagara Falls State Park? Check out the latest reviews and scores 10 You can see the top of the Canadian and American Falls from... You can see the top of the Canadian and American Falls from the state park. The $3 hop-on hop-off trolley is a good way to get oriented to the park and decide where you want to go. The bathrooms are clean. You can buy tickets for the trolley and Cave of the Winds at the state park. The earlier you can get there, the better to avoid crowds. The Maid of the Mist boat ride is great (you can see the whole falls) but it is not part of the state park....tickets, etc. are separate from the state park. I had a hard time figuring that out just looking at the internet. Show more Show less Gayle 8.0 Worth walking across the bridge to the Canadian side... Worth walking across the bridge to the Canadian side (remember to take your passport with you! and coins for the turnstile) for better views of the falls. Lovely waterside gardens, on the Canadian side too. Canadian side is cleaner & nicer than the American side. Show more Show less Valerie United Kingdom 8.0 Use the trolley. Use the trolley. Bring your own water and snacks. Use public transportation. Parking at the park fills up fast and it’s $10 for day at any point during the day. Try the Top of the Falls Restaurant! The food is pricey but you pay for the great view of the Falls! Show more Show less Anonymous United States 4.0 DO NOT eat at the Top if the Falls restaurant! DO NOT eat at the Top if the Falls restaurant! It is awful We booked it thinking it would be a lovely place for an evening meal overlooking the falls. The only thing it has it is overlooking the falls Other than that it was a cafeteria with dirty tables and very bad menu which all tasted awful that is when we finally got something they had available and the waiters could not understand us! Overpriced junk food and extremely disappointing especially as we had travelled from Boston that day to start our visit there! I can’t tell you how crap it was!!! Show more Show less Tracy United Kingdom 10 Spectacular - A MUST SEE! Spectacular - A MUST SEE!!! There is something for everyone in your family (all ages) and in within your social circles!! If you have not experienced Niagara Falls, MAKE PLANS, SOON!! If you have been, it is worth seeing it again!!! Lodging and things to do will be easy and fun!! Show more Show less Suzanne Japan 8.0 Relaxing and plenty of things to do for all ages. Relaxing and plenty of things to do for all ages. From wax museum, race car, places to eat, bowling, arcade like a mini version of Disney, but quaint. However it’s quite pricey on the Canadian side so going to the USA side to eat is more reasonable. Show more Show less Roxane United States People are talking about Niagara Falls State Park! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "Niagara Falls State Park" See all Comfort Inn The Pointe Hotel in Niagara Falls From CAD 107 per night 8.2 Very good 3,532 reviews My wife and I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. The location of the hotel could not have been better. The Niagara Falls State Park is right across the street. So you could simply walk there whenever you want. The staff were very helpful and friendly. We will definitely stay there again when we visit Niagara Falls, and I highly recommend this place to others. Show more Show less Abhishek India Wanderfalls Guesthouse & Hostel Niagara Falls 8.7 Fabulous 283 reviews The hosts were very nice and helpful. The facility was clean and cozy, it was only a 20min walk from the Niagara Falls state park and you have a lot of autonomy to come and go as you please. We arrived early and were able to leave our bags in the facility even if our room wasn't ready. Very good experience overall. Show more Show less Condal Brazil The Giacomo, Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel in Niagara Falls From CAD 147 per night 8.0 Very good 868 reviews The hotel is a grand looking Art Deco building and has some lovely features. It is within an easy walk of Niagara Falls State Park. Parking was close by and in a secure location. The room was clean and the bathroom was a very good size. Breakfast was included. Show more Show less Angela United Kingdom Holiday Inn Niagara Falls-Scenic Downtown, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Niagara Falls From CAD 96 per night 7.4 Good 2,585 reviews The location is good. But if you hv car, it really not necessary to stay next to the Niagara falls state park, especially they dont have any nice view from this hotel. Show more Show less Rebecca Hong Kong Econo Lodge at the Falls North Niagara Falls From CAD 68 per night 7.3 Good 1,776 reviews Location was good. There were many restaurants and shopping centers in the area. Just 10 minutes away from Niagara Falls State Park. Staff was very nice and friendly. Show more Show less Ana United States Quality Hotel & Suites At The Falls Hotel in Niagara Falls From CAD 79 per night 6.4 Review score 2,226 reviews Location was the only good thing about this hotel. Very close the the Niagara Falls State Park and Rainbow Bridge. Show more Show less AMY United States Hampton Inn Niagara Falls Hotel in Niagara Falls From CAD 106 per night 8.4 Very good 1,111 reviews Breakfast was good with a variety of food options. Convienient location to niagara falls state park. Show more Show less Jeffrey United States Best Western Summit Inn Hotel in Niagara Falls From CAD 108 per night 8.0 Very good 1,808 reviews I liked Niagara Falls State Park. I like the Falls. It was beautiful. Show more Show less Sheryl Fraser Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip When to visit the United States Events, prices, the weather – everything you need to know about the best time to visit the United States. Hotels in New York Discover another destination in the United States. Hotels in Las Vegas Discover another destination in the United States. Hotels in Niagara Falls Top hotels to explore Niagara Falls State Park and the city at large. Hotels near Toronto Pearson International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Buffalo Niagara International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in the United States Options for the perfect place to stay while exploring landmarks in the United States. Pet-Friendly Hotels in Niagara Falls Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Best Western Hotels in New York State Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870070