The 10 best hotels close to Disneyland in Anaheim, United States Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Hotels near Disneyland, Anaheim Enter your dates and choose from 359 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United States Anaheim Disneyland Featured hotels near Disneyland Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Best Western Plus Anaheim Inn Hotel in Anaheim (0.4 km from Disneyland) Located 5 minutes’ walk to Disneyland Park's main gate, Best Western Plus Anaheim Inn features an outdoor pool and serves a daily free hot breakfast buffet. It offers free WiFi. Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 1,207 reviews Price from CAD 391 per night Check availability Howard Johnson by Wyndham Anaheim Hotel & Water Playground Hotel in Anaheim (0.5 km from Disneyland) Featuring a private themed waterpark and outdoor pools, this Anaheim, California resort is 8 minutes’ walk to Disneyland Resort. Free WiFi is provided in all rooms. Select rooms feature a balcony. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 2,464 reviews Price from CAD 207 per night Check availability Home2 Suites By Hilton Anaheim Resort Hotel in Anaheim (0.6 km from Disneyland) The Home2 Suites by Hilton Anaheim Resort, CA is conveniently located across from the entrance to Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure theme parks. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,088 reviews Price from CAD 292 per night Check availability Best Western Plus Park Place Inn - Mini Suites Hotel in Anaheim (0.4 km from Disneyland) Best Western Plus Park Place Inn - Mini Suites is located in Anaheim, within 3.1 km of Angel Stadium of Anaheim and 400 metres of House of Blues Anaheim. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 1,316 reviews Price from CAD 404 per night Check availability The Westin Anaheim Resort Hotel in Anaheim (0.8 km from Disneyland) The Westin Anaheim Resort features a restaurant, outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and bar in Anaheim. Show more Show less 9 Superb 739 reviews Price from CAD 364 per night Check availability Residence Inn by Marriott at Anaheim Resort/Convention Center Hotel in Anaheim (0.8 km from Disneyland) Just 1 mile from Disneyland Adventure Park'd entrance, this Residence Inn offers spacious rooms with a cable TV. It features a sun deck. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 1,010 reviews Price from CAD 275 per night Check availability See more properties near Disneyland Top 10 trending hotels near Disneyland Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Hilton Anaheim 4 stars Hotel in Anaheim #1 Booked hotel near Disneyland 7.6 Good 2,967 reviews Motel 6-Anaheim, CA - Maingate 2 stars Hotel in Anaheim #2 Booked hotel near Disneyland 7.2 Good 2,629 reviews Stanford Inn & Suites Anaheim 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #3 Booked hotel near Disneyland 8.1 Very good 2,972 reviews Good Nite Inn Buena Park 2 stars Hotel in Buena Park #4 Booked hotel near Disneyland 8.0 Very good 1,728 reviews Travelodge Inn & Suites by Wyndham Anaheim on Disneyland Dr 2 stars Hotel in Anaheim #5 Booked hotel near Disneyland 7.7 Good 2,006 reviews Fairfield by Marriott Anaheim Resort 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #6 Booked hotel near Disneyland 8.3 Very good 1,221 reviews Clementine Hotel & Suites Anaheim 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #7 Booked hotel near Disneyland 8.6 Fabulous 2,746 reviews Anaheim Majestic Garden Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #8 Booked hotel near Disneyland 8.0 Very good 2,919 reviews Hotel Lulu, BW Premier Collection 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #9 Booked hotel near Disneyland 8.1 Very good 4,151 reviews Capri Suites Anaheim 2 stars Hotel in Anaheim #10 Booked hotel near Disneyland 8.3 Very good 2,286 reviews See more hotels near Disneyland Hampton Inn & Suites Anaheim Garden Grove 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #1 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 8.4 Very good 762 reviews Hilton Anaheim 4 stars Hotel in Anaheim #2 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 7.6 Good 2,967 reviews Hotel Pepper Tree Boutique Kitchen Studios - Anaheim 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #3 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 8.6 Fabulous 1,281 reviews Stanford Inn & Suites Anaheim 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #4 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 8.1 Very good 2,972 reviews Alamo Inn and Suites - Convention Center 2 stars Hotel in Anaheim #5 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 8.6 Fabulous 1,972 reviews Clementine Hotel & Suites Anaheim 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #6 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 8.6 Fabulous 2,746 reviews Anaheim Majestic Garden Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #7 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 8.0 Very good 2,919 reviews Hotel Lulu, BW Premier Collection 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #8 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 8.1 Very good 4,151 reviews Alpine Inn near Convention Center and the Park 2 stars Hotel in Anaheim #9 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 8.8 Fabulous 2,448 reviews Howard Johnson by Wyndham Anaheim Hotel & Water Playground 3 stars Hotel in Anaheim #10 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland 8.6 Fabulous 2,464 reviews See more hotels near Disneyland Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Disneyland See all Hampton Inn & Suites Buena Park Hotel in Buena Park Breakfast options Situated in Buena Park, 4.1 km from Knotts Berry Farm, Hampton Inn & Suites Buena Park features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a shared lounge.... Just one night stopover after an evening arrival into LAX. Great value, good beds and clean. Show more Show less From CAD 194 per night 9.0 Superb 697 reviews Ayres Hotel Orange Hotel in Anaheim Breakfast options Boasting an outdoor pool and a fitness centre, Ayres Hotel Orange offers spacious guestrooms and suites equipped with free WiFi. A free breakfast buffet is also served. Disneyland Park is 5.7 km away.... Great hotel just 10 minutes away from Disneyland. We checked in at 10pm after visiting the park. Show more Show less From CAD 215 per night 9.2 Superb 621 reviews Ayres Hotel Huntington Beach/Fountain Valley Hotel in Fountain Valley Breakfast options Offering a year round outdoor pool and a restaurant, Ayres Hotel Fountain Valley is located 9.6 km from Huntington Beach. Free WiFi access is available in all suites. Complimentary parking is... Everything: bed is PERFECT, personal kind and helpful, everything spotless clean, regarding this is... Show more Show less From CAD 228 per night 9.1 Superb 574 reviews The Westin Anaheim Resort Hotel in Anaheim Breakfast options The Westin Anaheim Resort features a restaurant, outdoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and bar in Anaheim. Only a 10 minute walk to Disneyland allows for a way to "escape" the magic and go for a... Show more Show less From CAD 364 per night 9.0 Superb 739 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Anaheim Brea Hotel in Brea Breakfast options Situated in Brea, 18 km from Anaheim Convention Center, Residence Inn by Marriott Anaheim Brea features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a bar. Very nice room. Good beds, large fridge, a lot of amenities. When we received it it was very clean. Show more Show less From CAD 228 per night 9.1 Superb 83 reviews The Viv Hotel, Anaheim, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel Hotel in Anaheim Breakfast options Located in Anaheim, 2.3 km from Anaheim Convention Center, The Viv Hotel, Anaheim, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and... Relatively new hotel - about 1.5km from Disney. Its big and spacious - and very clean! Show more Show less From CAD 241 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,179 reviews Cambria Hotel & Suites Anaheim Resort Area Hotel in Anaheim Breakfast options Set in Anaheim and with Anaheim Convention Center reachable within 1.7 km, Cambria Hotel & Suites Anaheim Resort Area provides a restaurant, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a... - King Family Suite with Bunks - Large fridge in room - Pool, waterpark and Slides - Could see... Show more Show less From CAD 206 per night 8.3 Very good 2,207 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites Anaheim Resort Convention Center Hotel in Anaheim Breakfast options Hampton Inn & Suites Anaheim Resort Convention Center is located in Anaheim, 1.5 km from Anaheim Convention Center and 2.7 km from Disney California Adventure. breakfast was great, laundry was cheaper than other hotels. Show more Show less From CAD 189 per night 8.9 Fabulous 1,055 reviews Budget hotels near Disneyland See all Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Fullerton Hotel in Fullerton Budget Hotel This hotel is an 11-minute drive from downtown Fullerton and California State University at Fullerton. It features spacious rooms and serves a daily continental breakfast. The room and cleaning quite relaxation Show more Show less From CAD 102 per night 8.3 Very good 1,348 reviews Good Nite Inn Buena Park Hotel in Buena Park Budget Hotel Located less than 2 miles from Knott's Berry Farm Amusement Park,Good Nite Inn Buena Park offers comfortable accommodation, friendly service, and is located between motorway I-5 and I-9. very clean and cofortable bed plenti towell Show more Show less From CAD 101 per night 8.0 Very good 1,728 reviews Quality Inn & Suites Westminster - Seal Beach Westminster Hotel in Westminster Budget Hotel This Westminster hotel offers guest rooms with free WiFi. Tea and coffee are served at the property. Knotts Berry Farm amusement park is 11 km away. A free hot breakfast is served daily. Very clean rooms and nice staff Show more Show less From CAD 118 per night 8.0 Very good 616 reviews Fairfield Inn Anaheim Hills Orange County Hotel in Anaheim Hills, Anaheim Budget Hotel Located next to the Canyon Plaza Shopping Center, Fairfield Inn Anaheim Hills Orange County offers free hot breakfast and free WiFi. We liked the service, friendly staff,breakfast and everyone know exactly what they are doing. Show more Show less From CAD 120 per night 8.0 Very good 365 reviews La Quinta by Wyndham Orange County Airport Hotel in Santa Ana Budget Hotel Free breakfast is provided daily at this Santa Ana hotel. An airport shuttle is also available for guests. Rooms feature free Wi-Fi. The University of California Irvine is 15 minutes’ drive away. It's a nice place, very comfy and great location, I'm coming back every time I need to stay... Show more Show less From CAD 136 per night 6.9 Review score 1,333 reviews Days Inn by Wyndham Anaheim Near the Park Hotel in Anaheim Budget Hotel This hotel is just 5 minutes’ drive from Knott’s Berry Farm Theme Park. Days Inn by Wyndham Anaheim Near the Park features an outdoor pool and hot tub. A good hotel close to Angels Stadium, close to Disneyland, and close to a supermarket. Show more Show less From CAD 108 per night 7.2 Good 1,844 reviews Motel 6-Stanton, CA Hotel in Stanton Budget Hotel This Stanton motel is 6 miles from Disneyland, which features rides, dining and entertainment. Guests at the motel can swim in the outdoor pool. Free WiFi is provided in all guest rooms. Jocelyn was so nice thank you guys so much Show more Show less From CAD 89 per night 6.5 Review score 1,434 reviews Howard Johnson by Wyndham Buena Park Hotel in Buena Park Budget Hotel Howard Johnson Buena Park serves a light continental breakfast with waffles every morning. This Buena Park hotel provides comfortable guestrooms and convenient amenities. Very elegant and very clean🙂🙂🙂 Show more Show less From CAD 102 per night 7.1 Good 1,265 reviews Hotels with great access to Disneyland! See all California Inn Hotel in Anaheim Great location California Inn is located in Anaheim, 2.8 km from Disney California Adventure and 3 km from Anaheim Convention Center. The 3-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom and free WiFi.... It’s charming and so very well taken care of. You can tell the staff shared a sense of pride. Show more Show less From CAD 157 per night 9.1 Superb 57 reviews Home2 Suites By Hilton Anaheim Resort Hotel in Anaheim Great location The Home2 Suites by Hilton Anaheim Resort, CA is conveniently located across from the entrance to Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure theme parks. Staff were always gentle and kind Show more Show less From CAD 292 per night 9.0 Superb 1,088 reviews Wyndham Anaheim Hotel in Anaheim Great location Featuring an on-site restaurant, Wyndham Anaheim offers rooms with Free WiFi. Disneyland is 12 minutes' walk away from this hotel. Guests can also enjoy the on-site pool. The room was spacious,with a lovely bathroom and fantastic shower. Show more Show less From CAD 269 per night 8.9 Fabulous 903 reviews Hotel 414 Anaheim Hotel in Anaheim Great location Just 15 minutes' walk to the Disneyland entrance, this Anaheim, California motel offers free WiFi. Guests can enjoy the property's outdoor pool. Excellent location and comfortable room. Show more Show less From CAD 218 per night 8.9 Fabulous 308 reviews Springhill Suites by Marriott Anaheim Maingate Hotel in Anaheim Great location Located 1.9 km drive away from Disneyland, this hotel features an outdoor pool and hot tub. It offers studios with free WiFi and serves a daily hot breakfast. Location is greet 15 minutes eso from Downtown Disney. Show more Show less From CAD 242 per night 8.9 Fabulous 314 reviews Element Anaheim Resort Convention Center Hotel in Anaheim Great location Located in Anaheim, 1.9 km from Anaheim Convention Center, Element Anaheim Resort Convention Center provides accommodation with free bikes, private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness... Free breakfast great variety. Close to garden walk for restaurants and dining. Show more Show less From CAD 249 per night 8.9 Fabulous 220 reviews SunCoast Hotel Anaheim, Tapestry Collection by Hilton Hotel in Anaheim Great location Located 12 minutes’ walk away from Disneyland, SunCoast Park Hotel Anaheim Tapestry Collection by Hilton boasts a heated outdoor pool and hot tub. Location was awesome and it has everything you need Show more Show less From CAD 183 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,033 reviews Club Wyndham Dolphin's Cove Hotel in Anaheim Great location This resort in Anaheim, California offers shuttle services to Disneyland, only one-mile away. It features an outdoor heated pool, miniature golf, tennis courts and free Wi-Fi. Clean, staff was efficient, good value, spacious. Free laundry facilities were great. Show more Show less From CAD 222 per night 8.8 Fabulous 178 reviews Disneyland Park When you wish upon a star… wish for a day out at Disneyland! Opened in 1955, this legendary theme park was designed by Walt Disney himself. Today, its eight themed lands encompass 58 attractions based on characters old and new, from Winnie the Pooh to Buzz Lightyear. Choose from carousels, rollercoasters and water rides to have yourself a rip-roaring time. Planning a trip to see the Disneyland? Check out the latest reviews and scores 10 Exceeded all expectations. Exceeded all expectations. Three tips. 1. Get Genie +. It’s worth it. 2. Download the App well before you go and study it in detail. The App runs your trip. It’s not just an aid, it’s essential. The more work you do in advance, the more you will enjoy your trip. 3. There are a lot of good accessible hotels near the park. You don’t need to stay at a Disney hotel. Show more Show less John United Kingdom 8.0 I've always enjoyed Disneyland, but the amount of money... I've always enjoyed Disneyland, but the amount of money that you pay to not get the full experience was a bummer. It was too Overcrowded making it difficult to even walk without bumping into someone. Lines were extremely long to even get on most rides. Disneyland is definitely Overrated! Show more Show less Michelle United States 8.0 Express pass was in my opinion a waste of money. Express pass was in my opinion a waste of money. You are allowed to pre-book 11 rides a day, but only 1 at a time. You have to complete the 1st one before booking another. They agreed it was Stupid and are going to change it next year ! The park itself was fantastic but of course you spend most of the day in long queues. Show more Show less Alan Spain 10 A fun day. A fun day. Enjoy the "legacy"attractions and rides. I'm used to visiting Disneyworld which may be similar the Disneyland but it's at least two to three times the size. So at Disneyland you are able to cover so much more ground in a shorter period of time. Show more Show less Albert United States 8.0 I thoroughly enjoyed a trip down memory lane as I took all... I thoroughly enjoyed a trip down memory lane as I took all the classic rides. The directional signage is very poor, so I found myself going back and forth unnecessarily. I don't like that it's so computerized--most food places serve only mobile orders, so if you don't have a mobile order (I don't do apps), you don't get served. Considering that attendance is apparently restricted, it was jammed with people, most of whom have no respect for people in scooters and who simply step in front of the scooter, which cannot possibly stop instantly. It's a wonder there aren't more accidents. Nevertheless, I had a super time. Show more Show less Rambler Canada 6.0 Fix the monorail for the disable who can not walk to much... Fix the monorail for the disable who can not walk to much from the tower of parking to the entrance of Disney. My husband who was willing to take it easy had no choice to walk that 30 min walk killed his foot. Show more Show less Melinda United States People are talking about Disneyland! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "Disneyland" See all Howard Johnson by Wyndham Anaheim Hotel & Water Playground Hotel in Anaheim From CAD 207 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,464 reviews We were in Building 2 (2 Queen Beds) Hotel was very clean and comfortable, across the road from Disneyland at just a 9min walk. Staff were friendly, helpful and went beyond to help me rectify a banking issue back home that I was able to get fixed. They were also willing to accept a card that they normally wouldn't, to assist me at check in . Perfect, the stay was 10/10 if you want to be close to the theme parks, highly recommend ! Show more Show less Lisa Australia Hotel 414 Anaheim Hotel in Anaheim From CAD 218 per night 8.9 Fabulous 308 reviews Great location to Disneyland parks and very clean and tidy with great staff who were efficient and couldn’t do enough for us. Would certainly recommend this hotel for families going to the Disneyland parks Show more Show less Murphy United Kingdom California Inn Hotel in Anaheim From CAD 157 per night 9.1 Superb 57 reviews Nicely renovated motel with large rooms. The staff were friendly and helpful. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel which takes you straight to Disneyland. Show more Show less Fiona Australia Kings Inn Anaheim at The Park & Convention Center Anaheim From CAD 198 per night 8.3 Very good 2,177 reviews The hotel is located close to Disneyland so is convent, they were also very close to a Subway (sandwich bar) which was handy since they did not serve breakfast. Show more Show less Bruce United Kingdom Hyatt House at Anaheim Resort/Convention Center Hotel in Anaheim From CAD 262 per night 8.5 Very good 1,246 reviews I absolutely love the free breakfast buffet. The hotel is about 1/2 mile walk from Disneyland. Staff was very friendly. We plan to stay again! Show more Show less MELISSA United States Eden Roc Inn & Suites near the Maingate Anaheim From CAD 215 per night 7.9 Good 1,404 reviews Hotel was very clean and comfortable, staff was very nice, walking distance from Disneyland, pharmacy and stores nearby. Show more Show less Rafaela Robles Brazil Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Anaheim, an IHG Hotel Anaheim From CAD 189 per night 7.9 Good 676 reviews I love that it is not on the main strip for Disneyland like all the other hotels but still super close to walk Show more Show less Sarah United States Sheraton Park Hotel at the Anaheim Resort Hotel in Anaheim From CAD 230 per night 8.5 Very good 704 reviews Location is perfect for Disneyland. Room was excellent and hotel facilities very good. Show more Show less Sophie United Kingdom Delta Hotels by Marriott Anaheim Garden Grove Hotel in Garden Grove, Anaheim From CAD 188 per night 8.1 Very good 319 reviews Great location.comfortable rooms and very clean hotel. Very close to Disneyland. Show more Show less Elaine Ireland Clarion Hotel Anaheim Resort Hotel in Anaheim From CAD 188 per night 7.5 Good 832 reviews I liked the location of the hotel, because Disneyland was in walking distance. Show more Show less Jessica Hungary What guests said about Disneyland: If you are entering Disneyland during that time, you will not be able to get anywhere, the crowds take up the entire sidewalk and you will feel like a salmon trying to fight your way up against the current of people Stay at a hotel within ten minutes of the park. Leave your hotel at least an hour before the park opens; you will avoid the huge lazy crowd coming in to the parking garage 1-2 hours after opening. It can take 45-60 minutes just to get into the parking garage during that time, so come early if you'd rather spend that time in the park. Weekdays are always better than weekends for getting on more rides, but the time of year is important, too. Try to avoid major holidays or vacation times such as Spring Break. Do the most popular rides as soon as the park opens when crowds are thinner; you won't have to wait as long. Try waiting 1-2 hours after the stereotypical "lunch" and "dinner" times to eat your meals in order to avoid a long line for food. Bring your own lunch and keep it in a locker to avoid such lines completely and save a few bucks. Snacks, food, and water are all allowed in the parks. Always wear comfy (not brand-new) tennis shoes for maximum walk-abilty. When you arrive, check the times for the daily parades and if you don't care about them, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, avoid Main Street and Fantasyland during that time!! If you are entering Disneyland during that time, you will not be able to get anywhere, the crowds take up the entire sidewalk and you will feel like a salmon trying to fight your way up against the current of people. Stay in California Adventure during that time if you have park hopper passes, or get some Main Street shopping done, because you will not get anywhere at all otherwise. Show more Show less Anonymous Take a special someone to Disneyland before you make little special-someone children Take a special someone to Disneyland before you make little special-someone children. If you are both in decent shape and willing to power-walk around strollers, you'll be faster than most of the seemingly intimidating crowds. It's like a 16-hour hike but with air-conditioned pacing breaks for ghost pirates and talking cars. Maybe that's not your ideal date, but my special someone and I never tire of it. And our calves look fantastic. Show more Show less Kevin United States Enough time in your trip to explore all that Disneyland contains other than just the rides, at least several days is good Enough time in your trip to explore all that Disneyland contains other than just the rides, at least several days is good. Show more Show less Linda United States A hotel close to the park that is affordable, clean, safe, comfortable, and has plenty of parking, makes the time spent at Disneyland so much more enjoyable A hotel close to the park that is affordable, clean, safe, comfortable, and has plenty of parking, makes the time spent at Disneyland so much more enjoyable. Disneyland is always a pleasure, particularly when there are good bands playing on the property. An awesome hotel is like having home a short walk or drive away. Show more Show less Barbara United States There are shops outside Disneyland that offer souvenirs a lot cheaper Be prepared to spend at Disneyland. There are shops outside Disneyland that offer souvenirs a lot cheaper. Bring your walking shoes. Show more Show less Anonymous We went to Disneyland and Californian Adventure in one day ,almost 10hrs at Theme Parks was to much for my poor old legs , however our teenage daughter's would have stayed for 24hrs We went to Disneyland and Californian Adventure in one day ,almost 10hrs at Theme Parks was to much for my poor old legs , however our teenage daughter's would have stayed for 24hrs. Longer at each Park would have been better .. 2-3 days Show more Show less Anonymous Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Long Beach Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Long Beach, not too far from Disneyland. Hotels in Huntington Beach Find more hotels in a city close to Disneyland. Hotels in Newport Beach Find more hotels in a city close to Disneyland. Things to do in Anaheim How will you spend your time in the city? Beach Hotels in California Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Apartments in Los Angeles Metropolitan Area Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Homestays in Orange County Widen your search and check out the best homestays in the surrounding area. Pet-Friendly Hotels in Disneyland California Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Car hire in Anaheim Hire a car and hit the road. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870070