The 10 best hotels in Manchester, Greater Manchester - Cheap Manchester hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Manchester Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Manchester hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom Greater Manchester Manchester Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Manchester – 1,446 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Mercure Manchester Piccadilly Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester Overlooking Piccadilly Gardens, the Mercure Manchester Piccadilly is situated in the heart of the city and just a 5-minute walk from Manchester Piccadilly Rail Station. Tarek Saudi Arabia There is a girl her name Nora she was very helpful with best smile and hospitality Show more Show less 6.5 Review score 8,146 reviews Price from CAD 101 per night Check availability Airport Hotel Manchester 3 stars Hotel in Manchester Just 4 miles from Manchester Airport, Airport Hotel Manchester offers free parking and free WiFi, Airport transfers can be arranged payable locally. Rusi Bulgaria Good location, 5min with taxi to the airport. Room was clean and well maintained. Bed was comfy, wifi was Ok. Reception is available even very early in the morning. Tesco and restaurants near by (5min walk). Great value for the money Show more Show less 6.3 Review score 10,304 reviews Price from CAD 63 per night Check availability Holiday Inn Express Manchester City Centre, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester Situated next to the University Of Manchester, the Holiday Inn Express Manchester is a 5-minute walk from Oxford Road Train Station. Rooms feature a powerful shower, WiFi, and an LCD TV. mohammad ali Norway The staff and their profissionality in time of Corona. English traditions. Show more Show less 6.9 Review score 6,384 reviews Price from CAD 83 per night Check availability Hampton By Hilton Manchester Northern Quarter 4 stars Hotel in Manchester Situated in the Manchester city centre neighbourhood and northern quarter area, Hampton By Hilton Manchester Northern Quarter offers bedrooms with complimentary WiFi, bar, restaurant and fitness... Jamie Canada The location was great, it’s really close to plenty of bars and restaurants. The hotel bar and breakfast exceeded my expectations. The bathroom is huge and has everything you need. The hotel staff were so kind and helpful. I am definitely staying here again! Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 8,532 reviews Price from CAD 110 per night Check availability Hotel Brooklyn Manchester 4 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester Situated in Manchester and with Manchester Art Gallery reachable within 300 metres, Hotel Brooklyn Manchester features express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi... EliasPap Sweden Really great decor with nice details! The room was luxurious and the bed very comfortable. Great view! Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 6,372 reviews Price from CAD 131 per night Check availability INNSiDE by Meliá Manchester 4 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester Innside Manchester by Melia is located in the city centre and within 5 minutes’ walk of the train stations at Deansgate and Oxford Road. It offers a gym, sauna, a restaurant and bar. SilPC Argentina THe room was big enough for two, very comfortable, and the water pressure on the shower was great, perfect for a long day after shower. The location is great, next to everything, Deansgate and the clubs area, Piccadilly and Northern Quarter. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 5,722 reviews Price from CAD 135 per night Check availability King Street Townhouse 4 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester King Street Townhouse is situated in Manchester, 5 minutes' walk from Manchester Town Hall. Guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar. Adam Denmark We loved every moment of our stay at the Kingstreet. From the personal and helpful welcome because we needed to check in early. The simple quality of the rooms, the cleanness, the personalized help from staff at every point. We will be coming back so many times and recommending this hotel to all who want a personalized and wonderful stay in the heart of Manchester Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 3,682 reviews Price from CAD 260 per night Check availability Hilton Garden Inn Manchester Emirates Old Trafford 4 stars Hotel in Old Trafford, Manchester Situated at the Emirates Old Trafford Cricket Ground, home of Lancashire County Cricket Club, this modern hotel features 150 bedrooms, a 24-hour front desk, garden market, fitness suite and a lively... Artemij Lithuania Brilliant stay, nothing to complain about. Staff was friendly and welcoming, willing to answer all the questions we had during our stay. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 4,015 reviews Price from CAD 115 per night Check availability Velvet Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Manchester City Centre, Manchester Boasting stunning rooms with contemporary décor, Velvet Hotel is on central Manchester’s vibrant Canal Street and a 5-minute walk from Piccadilly Rail Station. Josh Canada Like some other reviews, given the location was a bit worried about noise / privacy before arriving. But ended up having zero issues. Staff very friendly. Great location. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 1,793 reviews Price from CAD 158 per night Check availability Weaste Hotel, West Manchester Hotel in Salford, Manchester Weaste Hotel is located in Salford, just 5 minutes' drive from Eccles Rail Station and 10 minutes' drive from central Manchester. It offers en suite accommodation with free WiFi and free parking. Shola United Kingdom The building does not look great from inside or outside Show more Show less 4.5 Review score 359 reviews Price from CAD 68 per night Check availability See all 232 hotels in Manchester Most booked hotels in Manchester in the past month See all Britannia Hotel City Centre Manchester Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 5.8 Above average · 22,462 reviews Sachas Hotel Manchester Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 5.7 Above average · 13,404 reviews Motel One Manchester-Piccadilly Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 8.6 Fabulous · 13,658 reviews Motel One Manchester-St. Peter´s Square Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 8.9 Fabulous · 9,104 reviews Motel One Manchester-Royal Exchange Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 8.6 Fabulous · 11,984 reviews Airport Hotel Manchester Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 6.3 Pleasant · 10,302 reviews The Midland Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 8.4 Very good · 5,164 reviews Clayton Hotel Manchester City Centre Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 8.5 Very good · 12,941 reviews Maldron Hotel Manchester City Centre Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 8.6 Fabulous · 10,415 reviews Manchester Piccadilly Hotel Hotel in Manchester Popular with guests booking hotels in Manchester 7.7 Good · 13,089 reviews Manchester's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Indigo Manchester - Victoria Station, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Situated next to Manchester Victoria station, Hotel Indigo Manchester - Victoria Station Station offers accommodation in Manchester. Easy access from transport links. Friendly helpful staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 203.38 8.9 Fabulous · 5,977 reviews AC Hotel by Marriott Manchester City Centre Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Located a 10-minute walk from Victoria train station, Shudehill Interchange and a 15-minute walk from Piccadilly Station, AC Hotel Manchester City Centre is set on the edge of Manchester’s Northern... Contemporary, clean, quiet. The bar was excellent. Avg. price/night: CAD 153.68 8.4 Very good · 5,055 reviews Hyatt Regency Manchester Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Hyatt Regency Manchester, this 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk. The property is close to popular attractions like The Palace Theatre, Manchester Apollo and Bridgewater Hall. Nice & clean hotel and staff helpful & informative Avg. price/night: CAD 212.94 8.8 Fabulous · 2,308 reviews Holiday Inn Express - Manchester - TRAFFORDCITY, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Located in one of the largest industrial estates in Europe, Holiday Inn Express - Manchester - TRAFFORDCITY is adjacent to EventCity and 1.3 km from Trafford Centre. Clean, staff were helpful and friendly, good service Avg. price/night: CAD 146.60 8.3 Very good · 4,460 reviews Holiday Inn Manchester - City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Offering a terrace, fitness centre and 12 meeting rooms, Holiday Inn Manchester - City Centre is set in the heart of Manchester, opposite Piccadilly Train Station. Location,room and breakfast all perfect. Thank you. Avg. price/night: CAD 145.74 8.8 Fabulous · 4,889 reviews INNSiDE by Meliá Manchester Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Innside Manchester by Melia is located in the city centre and within 5 minutes’ walk of the train stations at Deansgate and Oxford Road. It offers a gym, sauna, a restaurant and bar. It beautifully decorated and an amazing atmosphere Avg. price/night: CAD 177.59 8.8 Fabulous · 5,719 reviews Hotel Gotham Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Located in the centre of Manchester, Hotel Gotham is a 3-minute walk from Manchester Arndale Shopping Centre. It offers a rooftop terrace and free WiFi. Fantastic location, amazing breakfast and we loved the theme. Avg. price/night: CAD 307.37 8.9 Fabulous · 3,248 reviews Abel Heywood Boutique Hotel Hotel in Manchester Breakfast options Located in the Northern Quarter, in the centre of Manchester, Abel Heywood Boutique Hotel offers stylish en-suite accommodation with free WiFi access. Nice clean pub/hotel good location for the arena Avg. price/night: CAD 157.95 8.7 Fabulous · 2,533 reviews Budget hotels in Manchester See all Moxy Manchester City Hotel in Manchester Budget Hotel Well located in the centre of Manchester, Moxy Manchester City is within 200 metres of Opera House Manchester and 200 metres of John Rylands Library. Room was clean & comfortable. Had everything needed Avg. price/night: CAD 153.68 8.9 Fabulous · 3,415 reviews Motel One Manchester-St. Peter´s Square Hotel in Manchester Budget Hotel Well located in Manchester, Motel One Manchester-St. Peter´s Square provides a buffet breakfast and free WiFi. This 3-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and luggage storage space. The atmosphere and the staff were helpful and polite 8.9 Fabulous · 9,104 reviews Maldron Hotel Manchester City Centre Hotel in Manchester Budget Hotel Well situated in Manchester, Maldron Hotel Manchester City Centre offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. The location was very good. The hotel was clean and tidy. Avg. price/night: CAD 149.59 8.6 Fabulous · 10,415 reviews Piccadilly Central Hotel in Manchester Budget Hotel Featuring a restaurant and a bar, Piccadilly Central is set in Manchester. The property is located 200 meters from Canal Street and 600 meters from Greater Manchester Police Museum. Nothing to fault and staff very helpfull..and very pleasant Avg. price/night: CAD 170.76 8.8 Fabulous · 1,396 reviews Hampton By Hilton Manchester Northern Quarter Hotel in Manchester Budget Hotel Situated in the Manchester city centre neighbourhood and northern quarter area, Hampton By Hilton Manchester Northern Quarter offers bedrooms with complimentary WiFi, bar, restaurant and fitness... Lovely clean and comfortable room in a good location Avg. price/night: CAD 140.84 8.2 Very good · 8,529 reviews YOTEL Manchester Deansgate Hotel in Manchester Budget Hotel Conveniently situated in Manchester, Yotel Manchester Deansgate.provides air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant and a bar. Warm welcoming, nice modern room, great location 👍🏼 Avg. price/night: CAD 152.15 8.6 Fabulous · 12,689 reviews Hotel Brooklyn Manchester Hotel in Manchester Budget Hotel Situated in Manchester and with Manchester Art Gallery reachable within 300 metres, Hotel Brooklyn Manchester features express check-in and check-out, non-smoking rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi... Location & it’s modern. Mark on reception is a gem Avg. price/night: CAD 178.44 8.9 Fabulous · 6,372 reviews the niu Loom Hotel in Manchester Budget Hotel Located in Manchester, 2.1 km from Manchester Arena, the niu Loom provides accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Very clean. Good location close to.tram into city. Avg. price/night: CAD 121.17 8.7 Fabulous · 6,477 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Manchester See all The Edwardian Manchester, A Radisson Collection Hotel Hotel in Manchester Central location Winner of the Leading Hotel of the Year 2019 award, Edwardian Manchester, A Radisson Collection Hotel is located in the city's Free Trade Hall, next to the Central Convention Centre. Lovely and close to town and very clean and modern Avg. price/night: CAD 290.89 8.9 Fabulous · 10,612 reviews The Cow Hollow Hotel Hotel in Manchester Central location Located in the Northern Quarter of Manchester, The Cow Hollow Hotel is a 16-bedroom boutique, situated 500 metres from Piccadilly train station. The staff were amazing and the hotel was very cool. Avg. price/night: CAD 203.20 8.8 Fabulous · 1,165 reviews Forty-Seven Hotel in Manchester Central location Situated in Manchester and with Manchester Central reachable within 300 metres, Forty-Seven features concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Excellent service. Very kind and helpful. Beautiful room Avg. price/night: CAD 198.25 8.8 Fabulous · 89 reviews Kimpton Clocktower, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Manchester Central location Set in the heart of Manchester’s vibrant city centre, the grand Kimpton Clocktower offers stylish, modern rooms just a minute’s walk from Oxford Road Rail Station and The Palace Theatre. Customer service, excellent room, lots of amenities Avg. price/night: CAD 192.87 8.8 Fabulous · 5,107 reviews The Lowry Hotel Hotel in Salford, Manchester Central location On the banks of the River Irwell, the award-winning Lowry has rooms with views, a riverside restaurant and a spa. Free WiFi is also available. Nice clean modern lovely beds one of the best g Hugh too Avg. price/night: CAD 268.09 8.7 Fabulous · 3,000 reviews Velvet Hotel Hotel in Manchester Central location Boasting stunning rooms with contemporary décor, Velvet Hotel is on central Manchester’s vibrant Canal Street and a 5-minute walk from Piccadilly Rail Station. Impeccable service. Comfortable bed. Well thought out room. Avg. price/night: CAD 198.25 8.6 Fabulous · 1,793 reviews Motel One Manchester-Piccadilly Hotel in Manchester Central location Motel One Manchester-Piccadilly is located a 5-minute walk from Manchester Piccadilly train station, offering a central-city location, free WiFi and use of on-site bar One Lounge. Everything was perfect! The hotel is classy and elegant! Avg. price/night: CAD 119.53 8.6 Fabulous · 13,658 reviews Crowne Plaza Manchester City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Manchester Central location Situated in the lively Northern Quarter of Manchester's city centre, the Crowne Plaza Manchester City Centre boasts 228 individually designed rooms, the Glasshouse restaurant and bar, fitness suite... perfect location and the staff are always so helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 168.97 8.6 Fabulous · 7,898 reviews FAQs about hotels in Manchester How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Manchester? On average, 3-star hotels in Manchester cost CAD 170 per night, and 4-star hotels in Manchester are CAD 281 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Manchester can on average be found for CAD 399 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Manchester for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Manchester this weekend is CAD 343 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 622. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Manchester for this weekend cost on average around CAD 909 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Manchester for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 166 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Manchester for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 386 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Manchester will cost around CAD 452 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Manchester are good for families? Many families visiting Manchester loved staying at Stock Exchange Hotel, Dakota Manchester and Leven Manchester. What are the best hotels in Manchester near Old Trafford Stadium? Some of the best hotels in Manchester near Old Trafford Stadium include Hotel Football, Old Trafford, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel, Quay Apartments Exchange Quay and United Home B&B. What are the best hotels in Manchester near Manchester Airport? Travellers who stayed in Manchester near Manchester Airport (MAN) have said good things about Radisson Blu Manchester Airport, Crowne Plaza Manchester Airport, an IHG Hotel and Clayton Hotel, Manchester Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Manchester? Leven Manchester, BrewDog DogHouse Manchester and Dakota Manchester are some of the popular hotels in Manchester. What hotels in Manchester offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Manchester that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try BrewDog DogHouse Manchester, Stock Exchange Hotel and Kimpton Clocktower, an IHG Hotel. What hotels in Manchester are good for couples? These hotels in Manchester are highly rated by couples: BrewDog DogHouse Manchester, Dakota Manchester and Leven Manchester. What hotels in Manchester have nice views? Hotel Football, Old Trafford, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel, Hilton Garden Inn Manchester Emirates Old Trafford and Hotel Indigo Manchester - Victoria Station, an IHG Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Manchester regarding the views from their hotel rooms. The Capital of the North With an industrial past and a modern outlook, the complex fabric of Manchester is interlaced with interesting museums, English pubs and shopping centres. Dash straight into the luxurious Selfridges and Triangle departments stores before checking out the old-English charm of the Shambles. Manchester wouldn’t be the same without its 2 famous football clubs and fans can go wild at either of the Old Trafford or City of Manchester Stadiums. Music fans will adore the many shows performed at the Manchester Arena, the largest of its type in Europe, and the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra. The cultural foundations of this predominantly red-brick city are on display at the Manchester Museum and the People’s History Museum. If art is you preference, the extensive pre-Raphaelite collection at the Manchester Art Gallery is a sight to behold. Whether you’re flying into Manchester International Airport for business or partying in one of the 500 bars in city, Booking.com’s hotels and apartments can match your accommodation needs. Learn more about visiting Manchester 44 attractions 57 points of interest 9 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Manchester: 2.0 The security guard was so helpful 👍 and kind 👍 The security guard was so helpful 👍 and kind 👍 The hotel was rude to turn of heating when it the family room was so cold couldn’t shower it was that cold . We had 2 rooms both was cold family member was not happy nether . Rooms very out dated . We wouldn’t go there again it’s a drug area very noisy at night . Did request extra pillows twice never got yhem Alice United Kingdom 10 What an awesome city! What an awesome city! Super buzzy, amazing architecture, and so much choice for dining. Walking from my hotel to the office I must have seen about 10 places I'd have liked to go for dinner. Free busses in the city centre is an amazing initiative if you need one, otherwise just enjoy walking around and taking things in. Next time I go I'll be doing some serious research on where to go for dinner! Lucy United Kingdom 6.0 Manchester is a great and vibrant city. Manchester is a great and vibrant city. I went to a re-union school dinner and booked accommodation nearby which was a disaster - unusual for Manchester. It's best to stay in a hotel not a boarding house. David United Kingdom 10 I have visited London many times and decided it was time to... I have visited London many times and decided it was time to see the northwestern part of the country. The biggest surprise was the people. Friendly, engaging, curious about why you chose Manchester yet appreciative of your visit. People of the north are lovely. Getting around town is super easy on the trams and busses. There are also loads of Uber cars on the roads. This city is the perfect gateway to the Peaks District, Lake District and north Wales. If you are able to get tickets for a football match, DEFINITELY do it. That is an experience not to be missed. Roxanne United States 6.0 Christmas markets were an EXTREME let down. Christmas markets were an EXTREME let down. Perfect for foodies or lovers of alcohol, but very few independent craft stalls. They were also spread out weirdly so it was difficult to navigate around. Extremely busy so it was difficult to look at any stalls. Some good spots found such as NQ64 and Almost famous burgers! Probably wouldn’t visit Manchester again. Neve United Kingdom 6.0 Planned to have a day round the shops but had to leave... Planned to have a day round the shops but had to leave because it’s all confusing plus couldn’t find a parking place even a disabled spot.I even went down a bus lane so awaiting a ticket. I am Manchester born and bred,now living in Preston,I can’t believe what they have done to my lovely city.So went to the Trafford Centre. Explore guest reviews of hotels in Manchester See all Hotel Indigo Manchester - Victoria Station, an IHG Hotel Manchester From CAD 203.38 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 5,977 reviews Very comfortable hotel centrally located to Manchester city centre, Arndale shopping centre and Northern Quarter are just around the corner. Staff is excellent and make you feel at home. Special thanks to Noura at reception who welcomed us in our native language and restaurant manager Adrian and his team. The hot breakfast prepared to individual order is highly recommended. Gie Han Germany Airport Hotel Manchester Manchester From CAD 76.84 per night 6.3 Pleasant · 10,302 reviews The location is fairly close to the airport but not close to the city centre for anyone who is interested is having a better connection to Manchester central. The nearest bus takes about 35 minutes to get to the centre. The only thing I liked about our room was the lighting in the bathroom and how easily the toilet would flush. R Ricky United Kingdom Motel One Manchester-St. Peter´s Square Manchester 8.9 Fabulous · 9,104 reviews Conveniently located hotel in Manchester city centre ideal for public transport links. Attentive and efficient staff, room well-presented and comfortable and exceptionally quiet given location. Cannot fault any aspect of my stay and would without hesitation return in the future and recommend to friends and colleagues. CHRISTOPHER United Kingdom the niu Loom Manchester From CAD 121.17 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 6,477 reviews Lovely staff, great room and super breakfast! Seriously if you’re gonna stay make sure you get breakfast, one of the better hotel breakfasts I’ve had for sure. The rooms are nice, the location is great and it feels very clean and efficient. Great stay in Manchester! Irihapeti New Zealand The Westlynne Hotel & Apartments Manchester From CAD 157.10 per night 8.4 Very good · 601 reviews The atmosphere of the hotel is really cozy and it is set in a quiet neighbourhood close to a tram station. Our room was quite big for uk standards and really comfortable. I would totally recommend this for your trip to Manchester, far from the chaotic city centre. Alessia Italy Moxy Manchester City Manchester From CAD 153.68 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 3,415 reviews Visited Manchester for a work trip and stayed in Moxy. Hotel feels like it caters to a younger generation and felt modern. The welcome drink was very nice as well and the rooms were well set up. Used the Photo booth with some of my colleagues as well. Gregor Netherlands ibis Styles Manchester Portland Manchester From CAD 100.19 per night 7.1 Good · 10,461 reviews Great location. 7 minutes walk from Manchester Piccadilly. Lots of shops, cafes nearby. Lots of tourist attractions nearby. Good, modern design of hotel and rooms. Room has all the necessary. USB sockets in the room. Good Wi-Fi. Good breakfast. Grigorii Russia ibis Manchester Centre 96 Portland Street Manchester From CAD 102.80 per night 8.0 Very good · 6,575 reviews Location was very central, easy to walk every where in Manchester city centre, close to bars, restaurants and shops. Good public transport links and close to train station. Quiet hotel, no noise at night so slept well. V United Kingdom Holiday Inn Express Manchester East, an IHG Hotel Manchester From CAD 97.32 per night 8.1 Very good · 3,369 reviews Affordable hotel with breakfast just like the other Holiday Inns all over the main cities in the UK. It's a bit far from downtown Manchester, but there is a bus station nearby. McDonald's and a park nearby too. Yicheng United Kingdom Hotel Gotham Manchester From CAD 307.37 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 3,248 reviews Excellent hotel right in the heart of Manchester City Centre. The staff are attentive and friendly. Lovely atmosphere in the hotel and decorated beautifully. The bar and restaurant are both excellent. Damian Ireland Hotel Indigo Manchester - Victoria Station, an IHG Hotel Manchester From CAD 203.38 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 5,977 reviews I loved the location. It was right beside the Victoria train station and less than 2 mins walk to the Manchester Arndale. The hotel facilities exceeded my expectations. I can’t wait to be back there Okiomah Nigeria Motel One Manchester-Piccadilly Manchester From CAD 119.53 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 13,658 reviews This hotel is very convenient for Manchester Piccadilly train station. There are lots of restaurants and shops nearby. The staff were efficient and the room was clean and comfortable. Marie Joubert United Kingdom Britannia Hotel City Centre Manchester Manchester From CAD 77.18 per night 5.8 Above average · 22,462 reviews A beautiful hotel with original features, it is located in Manchester City centre close to shops and tourist attractions, and the staff were very pleasant, helpful and friendly. A Anonymous United Kingdom ibis Styles Manchester Portland Manchester From CAD 100.19 per night 7.1 Good · 10,461 reviews Went to a Gig at Manchester Arena. Hotel was pretty central to the city centre can't fault value and location close to everything really. Beds pretty comfy and room a fair size. Paul Goodwin United Kingdom ABode Manchester Manchester From CAD 172.47 per night 8.4 Very good · 2,137 reviews Great, central location that is handy for everywhere in Manchester City centre. The hotel itself is smartly presented. The bedroom was large, HUGE bed and great air con! Richard United Kingdom Motel One Manchester-St. Peter´s Square Manchester 8.9 Fabulous · 9,104 reviews Excellent location in the heart of Manchester. Clean and comfortable hotel room. Reception staff were very friendly and helpful. The lobby and bar area are stylish. Qasim United Kingdom The Alan Manchester From CAD 164.61 per night 8.4 Very good · 5,153 reviews Really modern hotel in central Manchester, great facilities and big hotel rooms. perfectly located for walking access to all the main attractions of Manchester Joel Bahrain CitySuites Two Aparthotel Salford, Manchester From CAD 314.97 per night 9.1 Superb · 4,785 reviews The location was perfect for Manchester City centre. Lovely modern hotel, beautiful and clean. Rooms were huge and spacious and everything you would want Megan United Kingdom Copthorne Hotel Manchester Salford Quays Salford, Manchester From CAD 114.75 per night 7.6 Good · 4,770 reviews Very helpful friendly staff, smart clean hotel, good food and drink. Will definitely visit again on my next business trip to Manchester c chris United Kingdom Maldron Hotel Manchester City Centre Manchester From CAD 149.59 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 10,415 reviews Comfortable hotel in a great area of Manchester Keris United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Manchester City Centre Explore Manchester while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Salford Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels near AO Arena Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Hotels in England Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Greater Manchester Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Things to do in Manchester How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels near Piccadilly Railway Station Book a hotel close to Piccadilly Railway Station, perfect for easy access to local transport links. When to visit the United Kingdom Events, prices, the weather and more. Hotels with Parking in Manchester More great accommodation options for your trip. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Manchester Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870380|7,1833870,1846890,1866460,1870380|3,1847760|3,1847760,1870380