The 10 best hotels in Liverpool, Merseyside - Cheap Liverpool hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Liverpool Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Liverpool hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom Merseyside Liverpool Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Liverpool – 269 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Ibis Styles Liverpool Centre Dale Street - Cavern Quarter Hotel in Liverpool City Centre, Liverpool ibis Styles Liverpool Centre Dale St is set within 10 minutes’ walk of Liverpool’s Moorfields and Lime Street stations. Show more 8.4 Very good 7,227 reviews Price fromCAD 169.05per night Check availability Crowne Plaza Liverpool City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Liverpool City Centre, Liverpool This 4-star hotel has views of the Royal Liver Building and the River Mersey. It offers free Wi-Fi, a 18-metre indoor pool and air-conditioned rooms with satellite TVs. Show more 8.4 Very good 4,775 reviews Price fromCAD 165.64per night Check availability Heeton Concept Hotel - City Centre Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool City Centre, Liverpool Set in Liverpool’s business district, Heeton Concept Hotel - City Centre Liverpool is a 10-minute walk from the famous Albert Dock. Show more 7.9 Good 5,383 reviews Price fromCAD 201.50per night Check availability Hope Street Hotel Hotel in Liverpool City Centre, Liverpool In the centre of Liverpool, the 4-star Hope Street Hotel boasts stylish rooms with luxurious furnishings and views over the city. It has an award-winning restaurant and bar serving a range of drinks. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 2,889 reviews Price fromCAD 211.74per night Check availability Delta Hotels by Marriott Liverpool City Centre Hotel in Liverpool City Centre, Liverpool Free Wifi across the hotel Stay in a renovated bedroom which features a 49-inch LCD TV with satellite channels, an in-room safe, a work area and tea/coffee. Show more 8.2 Very good 1,621 reviews Price fromCAD 205.94per night Check availability Stables Inn, Aintree Hotel in Liverpool Set in Liverpool, 400 metres from Aintree Racecourse, Stables Inn, Aintree offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Show more 7.7 Good 1,527 reviews Price fromCAD 102.46per night Check availability The Park Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Located just 1 mile from Aintree Racecourse and 5 miles from LFC, The Park Hotel is ideally located for all the major road networks. Show more 8.0 Very good 2,121 reviews Price fromCAD 131.49per night Check availability Hanover Hotel & McCartney's Bar Hotel in Liverpool City Centre, Liverpool Hanover Hotel is in the nightclub district of Liverpool city centre, close to Liverpool Central Rail Station. There are en suite rooms and a lively music bar. Show more 8.2 Very good 2,506 reviews Price fromCAD 151.98per night Check availability The Royal Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Overlooking the Mersey Estuary, the Royal Hotel is a 5-minute walk to Waterloo Merseyside Train Station. It offers en suite bedrooms, The Marine View Restaurant, free Wi-Fi and free parking. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 1,127 reviews Price fromCAD 186.56per night Check availability Childwall Abbey, Liverpool by Marston's Inns Hotel in Liverpool Just 4 minutes’ drive from Broad Green Train Station, Childwall Abbey by Marstons Inns offers attractive en suite accommodation around 5 miles outside Liverpool. 7.7 Good 791 reviews Price fromCAD 213.45per night Check availability See all 252 hotels in Liverpool Most booked hotels in Liverpool in the past month See all Adelphi Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 5.8 Above average · 19,227 reviews Leonardo Hotel Liverpool - formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 8.3 Very good · 3,239 reviews Radisson RED Hotel, Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 8.9 Fabulous · 4,029 reviews ibis Liverpool Centre Albert Dock – Liverpool One Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 7.8 Good · 10,734 reviews The Liner at Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 8.3 Very good · 9,334 reviews The Municipal Hotel Liverpool - MGallery Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 8.8 Fabulous · 1,515 reviews Ropewalks Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 8.0 Very good · 1,539 reviews The Z Hotel Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 8.3 Very good · 7,808 reviews INNSiDE by Meliá Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 9.1 Superb · 5,838 reviews Titanic Hotel Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Liverpool 9.0 Superb · 8,794 reviews Liverpool's best hotels with breakfast See all Radisson RED Hotel, Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool Breakfast options Radisson RED Hotel, Liverpool is well located in Liverpool, and features a fitness centre, free WiFi and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a business centre. From the check in to check out I couldn’t fault it Avg. price/night: CAD 227.88 8.9 Fabulous · 4,029 reviews The Dixie Dean Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Breakfast options In a prime location in Liverpool, The Dixie Dean Hotel provides air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. The room was so big and so clean everything was there Avg. price/night: CAD 202.86 8.3 Very good · 2,197 reviews Ibis Styles Liverpool Centre Dale Street - Cavern Quarter Hotel in Liverpool Breakfast options ibis Styles Liverpool Centre Dale St is set within 10 minutes’ walk of Liverpool’s Moorfields and Lime Street stations. Excellent location with lovely staff and extremely comfortable beds! Avg. price/night: CAD 169.05 8.4 Very good · 7,234 reviews Hotel Indigo Liverpool, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Breakfast options A 10-minute walk from Lime Street Rail Station, this stylish boutique hotel has free WiFi. The hotel lobby, Cotton Lounge and Marco Pierre White Steakhouse restaurant are inspired by the local area. The rooms are were great, the staff were fantastic Avg. price/night: CAD 158.29 8.5 Very good · 4,399 reviews Hampton By Hilton Liverpool City Centre Hotel in Liverpool Breakfast options Just minutes from the Albert Dock and Liverpool ONE shopping centre, Hampton by Hilton Liverpool City Centre offers modern rooms with free Wi-Fi. The hotel has a 24-hour fitness room. Arrived early room was ready amd could check in at 8am Avg. price/night: CAD 204.79 8.0 Very good · 8,207 reviews Hanover Hotel & McCartney's Bar Hotel in Liverpool Breakfast options Hanover Hotel is in the nightclub district of Liverpool city centre, close to Liverpool Central Rail Station. There are en suite rooms and a lively music bar. Food was great , rooms brilliant, staff very friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 151.98 8.2 Very good · 2,506 reviews The Dolby Hotel Liverpool - Free city centre parking Hotel in Liverpool Breakfast options The Dolby Hotel Liverpool offers a prime city centre location with free guest parking and free Wi-Fi. Great location, clean and excellent value for money. Avg. price/night: CAD 138.32 8.1 Very good · 6,365 reviews Holiday Inn Express Liverpool-Albert Dock, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Breakfast options Opposite M&S Bank Arena, Holiday Inn Express Liverpool-Albert Dock has a 24-hour front desk and stylish bar. The hotel is set in a 19th-century warehouse, a 5-minute walk from Liverpool centre. Everything was perfect. Staff location cleanliness breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 254.01 8.6 Fabulous · 4,436 reviews Budget hotels in Liverpool See all 62 Castle Street Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Budget Hotel Located in Liverpool, 700 metres from Royal Court Theatre, 62 Castle Street Hotel features views of the city. With free WiFi, this 4-star hotel offers a shared lounge and room service. I didn't have breakfast, the location is superb Avg. price/night: CAD 136.61 8.7 Fabulous · 1,367 reviews Duke Street Boutique Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Budget Hotel Situated in Liverpool within less than 1 km of Liverpool Central Station and a 12-minute walk of Liverpool Metropolitan Cathedral, Duke Street Boutique Hotel features rooms with free WiFi. great staff and perfect for one night in Liverpool. Avg. price/night: CAD 151.60 8.1 Very good · 2,760 reviews Phoenix Hotel Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool Budget Hotel Set in Liverpool and within 1.6 km of Anfield Stadium, Phoenix Hotel Liverpool features a bar, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. This 4-star hotel offers luggage storage space. The rooms were clean and aesthetically looked great 8.0 Very good · 1,462 reviews The Baltic Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Budget Hotel Featuring a shared lounge, a restaurant as well as a bar, The Baltic Hotel is located in the centre of Liverpool, 800 metres from ACC Liverpool. Brilliant hotel very spacious and excellent facilities Avg. price/night: CAD 133.74 8.7 Fabulous · 3,230 reviews All Bar One by Innkeeper's Collection Hotel in Liverpool Budget Hotel Featuring a bar, All Bar One by Innkeeper's Collection is located in Liverpool in the Merseyside region, 200 metres from Liverpool ONE and 400 metres from The Cavern Quarter. The hotel is so peaceful the room is clean and tidy Avg. price/night: CAD 121.41 8.8 Fabulous · 2,586 reviews Lock and Key Boutique Hotel - Duke Street Hotel in Liverpool Budget Hotel Lock and Key Boutique Hotel - Duke Street is ideally situated in Liverpool, and features a bar and free WiFi. Tastefully decorated, comfortable rooms. Staff were great. Avg. price/night: CAD 220.28 8.8 Fabulous · 2,414 reviews Pullman Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool Budget Hotel Pullman Liverpool Hotel offers accommodation overlooking the waterfront in Kings Dock, Liverpool. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and bar, and free Wi-Fi is available throughout the hotel. So comfortable and position it’s parking excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 157.78 8.8 Fabulous · 6,296 reviews Aloft Liverpool Hotel in Liverpool Budget Hotel Aloft Liverpool is just a few metres from the Moorfields Railway Station and half a mile from Liverpool Lime Street Station. Fantastic location . Fantastic staff . Great hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 207.47 8.3 Very good · 4,243 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Liverpool See all The Glenbuck Hotel Anfield Hotel in Everton, Liverpool Central location Ideally situated in the Everton district of Liverpool, The Glenbuck Hotel Anfield is located 3.2 km from Lime Street Train Station, 3.4 km from Royal Court Theatre and 3.7 km from Williamson's Tunnels... Stayed here as we attended a match at Anfield. Fantastic location, walk to stadium in about 3 minutes! Avg. price/night: CAD 341.52 9.8 Exceptional · 11 reviews Hotel Tia Hotel in Anfield, Liverpool Central location Situated in Liverpool, 400 metres from Anfield Stadium, Hotel Tia features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. Friendly staff! Great location around the corner from Anfield. Avg. price/night: CAD 457.21 9.4 Superb · 545 reviews The Arc Hotel Hotel in Anfield, Liverpool Central location Set in Liverpool and within 600 metres of Anfield Stadium, The Arc Hotel has a bar, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk. The hotel features family rooms. Staff very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 691.58 9.2 Superb · 659 reviews Holiday Inn Liverpool City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Central location Located in the heart of Liverpool, Holiday Inn Liverpool City Centre has a restaurant, fitness centre, a bar and shared lounge. Great location right in the centre , great breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 204.91 8.7 Fabulous · 5,026 reviews Hope Street Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Central location In the centre of Liverpool, the 4-star Hope Street Hotel boasts stylish rooms with luxurious furnishings and views over the city. It has an award-winning restaurant and bar serving a range of drinks. Location Interior Quiet compared to other hotels Avg. price/night: CAD 211.74 8.7 Fabulous · 2,888 reviews The Royal Hotel Hotel in Liverpool Central location Overlooking the Mersey Estuary, the Royal Hotel is a 5-minute walk to Waterloo Merseyside Train Station. It offers en suite bedrooms, The Marine View Restaurant, free Wi-Fi and free parking. The location was perfect because I was working nearby Avg. price/night: CAD 186.56 8.7 Fabulous · 1,127 reviews COZY PLACE LIVERPOOL Hotel in Liverpool Central location Well located in the Liverpool City Centre district of Liverpool, COZY PLACE LIVERPOOL is located 1.2 km from Williamson's Tunnels, less than 1 km from Liverpool Metropolitan Cathedral and a 18-minute... All round fantastic quality and comfort, fab staff, great value 8.5 Very good · 113 reviews The Lake House Hotel in Liverpool Central location Situated in Liverpool, The Lake House offers beachfront accommodation 600 metres from Crosby Beach and features various facilities, such as a terrace, a restaurant and a bar. The room size, the price and the bed was really comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 148.56 8.5 Very good · 310 reviews FAQs about hotels in Liverpool How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Liverpool? On average, 3-star hotels in Liverpool cost CAD 175 per night, and 4-star hotels in Liverpool are CAD 264 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Liverpool can on average be found for CAD 57 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Liverpool for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Liverpool this weekend is CAD 242 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 362. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Liverpool for this weekend cost on average around CAD 536 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Liverpool for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 124 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Liverpool for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 174 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Liverpool will cost around CAD 315 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Liverpool are good for families? Many families visiting Liverpool loved staying at The Glenbuck Hotel Anfield, Hotel Tia and Fenwick Sunrise Hotel. What are the best hotels in Liverpool near Albert Dock? Some of the best hotels in Liverpool near Albert Dock include Campbell Square Apartment 3, Fenwick Sunrise Hotel and Staybridge Suites Liverpool, an IHG Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Liverpool? INNSiDE by Meliá Liverpool, The Resident Liverpool and Novotel Liverpool Paddington Village are some of the popular hotels in Liverpool. What hotels in Liverpool offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Liverpool that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Fenwick Sunrise Hotel, Hotel Tia and Lock and Key Boutique Hotel - Duke Street. What hotels in Liverpool are good for couples? These hotels in Liverpool are highly rated by couples: 128 Anfield Road, The Glenbuck Hotel Anfield and Fenwick Sunrise Hotel. What hotels in Liverpool have nice views? 128 Anfield Road, INNSiDE by Meliá Liverpool and Holiday Inn Express Liverpool-Albert Dock, an IHG Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Liverpool regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Learn more about visiting Liverpool 87 attractions 37 points of interest 12 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Liverpool City trip 50,101 reviews Sightseeing 18,600 reviews Food trip 25,354 reviews Romantic 11,993 reviews Family-friendly 1,167 reviews Shopping 16,854 reviews What guests said about Liverpool: 10 Royal Albert Dock has loads of restaurants. Royal Albert Dock has loads of restaurants. Mersey Ferry worth the trip (we bought the bundle which included the hop on, hop off bus) Beatles Experience is excellent if you are interested in the Beatles. The two cathedrals are very different but interesting. The library is worth a popping in for the architecture. 10 Loved all of the Christmas decorations, the massive... Loved all of the Christmas decorations, the massive reindeers too the Christmas trees even put a smile on my 18 year old son face. The shop assistants were so friendly and helpful even though it was extremely busy. Loved the river cruise and the bus tour and the museum, I even went on the Liverpool eye ( I'm scared of heights ) spectacular views at nighttime. I would definitely recommend going to Liverpool as there's so much to see and do even with little one's. 10 The Hotel was fab, we were there for a long weekend Friday... The Hotel was fab, we were there for a long weekend Friday through to Sunday. After checkin on Friday we took the Ferry across the Mersey Cruise for 50 minutes at 4pm, very informative about old and new Liverpool and Birkinhead. Strolled around Albert Dock and ate in Revs de Cuba, good happy hour for cocktails between 5 and 7! Varied Menu, we had the small plates - reasonably priced. We stayed in the Municipal Hotel, Dale Street, which was amazing, close to everything and we walked everywhere within 20 minutes. Saturday morning did the Cavern Club Magical Mystery Tour for 2 hours, taking you past all the notable places associated with the Beatles and where they lived. This tour also includes free entry to the Cavern Club and you wouldn't go to Liverpool without going there!! Great live acts performing, drinks reasonably priced. Ate in Cote Brasserie that evening, excellent as usual, we hadn't booked, they were very busy but found us a table near the back but not a deal breaker, service and food was amazing. Sunday morning went for a stroll around the Christmas Market right by Lime Street Station before heading for home. There was only 1 negative, we had booked the Liverpool Explorer Hop on Hop off bus (Yellow) from 2pm Saturday for 24 hours, but could never find one!! Didn't matter, went to The Cavern Bar late afternoon instead (Carvern Bar is opposite the Cavern Club), great live music too! There's also a Pub, The Futurist, worth a visit! We would definately go back to explore some more. Rosemary United Kingdom 8.0 I didn’t see much because I was there for work. I didn’t see much because I was there for work. I did go on the Liverpool eye which was good , and really cheap. I went round the docks once and had a cuppa in a little cafe. The people were nice. I bought a few things to bring home to the family and everything was reasonably priced. The area was nice and clean. joan United Kingdom 8.0 Did not go into Liverpool itself but was participating at an... Did not go into Liverpool itself but was participating at an event at Aintree International Equestrian Centre which this hotel is really well placed for. We noticed other participants at the hotel also. United Kingdom 10 There's so much to see and do in Liverpool. There's so much to see and do in Liverpool. Aside from the obvious Beatles museum and Magical Mystery Bus Tour. The Walker Gallery is amazing. Lots going on at the Albert Docs. Great night life. Beautiful buildings. The Liverpool Tate is worth a visit as is the World Museum and there's so many other places I will definitely be returning to visit. Looks like a great shopping centre too and there's a little street near the Anglican Cathedral that is ever so alternative with vintage clothes shops, incense, records etc. EMMA United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Liverpool See all Holiday Inn Liverpool City Centre, an IHG Hotel Liverpool From CAD 204.91 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 5,026 reviews the location is excellent so close to both railway and city Centre, the room was comfortable and clean with a good view down towards the Mersey, the breakfast was excellent, great choices and very good quality produce, (as a chef a hotels food quality is benchmark for me) both the dining area and the spacious bar were spotless and well appointed, I have stayed in hotels and paid double the price that were not as good as this, I am sure I will return next time I visit Liverpool. Alex United States International Inn Liverpool From CAD 85.38 per night 7.6 Good · 1,571 reviews Best hostel in Liverpool. Cheap. Clean. Comfortable. Staff are always lovely and now recognise me when I turn up. Hostel room I had didn’t have bunks. Extra bonus, no concussion 😂. Each bed has a plug and a lamp, other guests in room were friendly. wish they had places on Saturday as the hotel I picked wasn’t half as nice as this one. Close to city centre right near Bold street. Perfect for me as I stay here for gigs and shows. Defo will be back. Courtney United Kingdom 80 by Elite Liverpool 8.9 Fabulous · 127 reviews Very clean, modern property in a great location. Very good communication from 80 by Elite making checking in and out Very easy. Beds were very comfortable, bathroom lovely! Wifi worked well for us no issues at all. No noise issues for us - even being close to the city centre. Location good - walking distance to Liverpool One and Albert Docks. Balinder United Kingdom The Dolby Hotel Liverpool - Free city centre parking Liverpool From CAD 138.32 per night 8.1 Very good · 6,365 reviews It’s a great budget hotel which is fab if you want to walk to Albert Docks or into the city centre. It’s about 15-20 minute walk. We also had a toastie from the restaurant on arrival which was tasty and good value for money. Parking was nice and easy. View from the room was lovely and the bed was comfy too. Staff really friendly and welcoming. Lauren United Kingdom Holiday Inn Express Liverpool-Albert Dock, an IHG Hotel Liverpool From CAD 254.01 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 4,436 reviews This was an excellent choice for our brief stay in Liverpool! The location was even better than we imagined - our view of Albert Dock from our window was lovely. We walked everywhere! The staff were nice, the breakfast had lots of fresh options, the room was spacious and the beds were comfy. This is a gem of a hotel in Liverpool. Lorna Michele United States Leonardo Hotel Liverpool - formerly Jurys Inn Liverpool From CAD 169.05 per night 8.3 Very good · 3,239 reviews Loved the beds as they're always super comfy, amazing view from the room. Staff were friendly and attentive as always the hotel is a perfect location from the docks and city centre, and it was lovely and warm inside. We will definitely be returning again as we love this hotel when we come to stay in Liverpool! Louise United Kingdom The Resident Liverpool Liverpool From CAD 162.22 per night 9.1 Superb · 5,699 reviews Great clean hotel in the best location close to Liverpool 1, docks, nightlife and eateries. Felt safe and secure with key card access. Complimentary drinks and snacks were a lovely touch at 6pm (nice white wine). Will definately consider a return for our annual trip to Liverpool. Green United Kingdom Pullman Liverpool Liverpool From CAD 157.78 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 6,296 reviews The facilities and decoration are just top-notch. On top of that, the view is just the best you can have in Liverpool. The staffs are just absolutely lovely. The food might be a bit overpriced but very nice. All in all, one of the best hotels I’ve stayed in. Zhaowei China Lock and Key Boutique Hotel - Duke Street Liverpool From CAD 220.28 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 2,414 reviews Third time staying at this hotel and for good reason, always the best stay. Great staff, warm and comfortable rooms. The breakfast downstairs, or served in room, is top. Location pretty much perfect for Liverpool City centre. Always a shame to leave. Michael Ireland Titanic Hotel Liverpool Liverpool From CAD 209.01 per night 9.0 Superb · 8,794 reviews One of the best hotels I’ve stayed in. Super cool vibe, amazing rooms and awesome staff. I would 100% stay here again if I go back to Liverpool and will recommend to anyone I know going. Joe United States Malmaison Liverpool Liverpool From CAD 170.76 per night 8.4 Very good · 3,765 reviews The hotel was very nice and the staff were also really friendly and helpful. The hotel is close, walking distance, to the city centre, Liverpool One and the docks. Abigail United Kingdom The Anfield Rooms Anfield, Liverpool 8.0 Very good · 404 reviews Really cheap and convinient loation to access Liverpool city centre. The staff were very walm and welcoming and the facilities were really modern and adequite. Mark United Kingdom Hampton By Hilton Liverpool City Centre Liverpool From CAD 204.79 per night 8.0 Very good · 8,207 reviews Well located for Albert Docks, Liverpool City Centre and shops and bars, pub across the road, and central for Echo Arena and Conference Centre Jennifer United Kingdom The Dolby Hotel Liverpool - Free city centre parking Liverpool From CAD 138.32 per night 8.1 Very good · 6,365 reviews Great value for money especially if you're looking for a place with free parking in the Liverpool City Centre. We had everything we needed. Zuzana United Kingdom The Liner at Liverpool Liverpool From CAD 247.60 per night 8.3 Very good · 9,334 reviews I love this hotel. The location is amazing and it’s so well styled with a boat theme. I stay here every time I’m in Liverpool. Victoria United Kingdom Brownlows Inn Guest House formerly The King Harry Accommodation Anfield, Liverpool 6.5 Pleasant · 1,252 reviews So clean and the staff were so friendly. Towel provided. Not too loud. Very cheap. Easy to get to city centre by bus. Remy United States Mercure Liverpool Atlantic Tower Hotel Liverpool From CAD 140.02 per night 7.3 Good · 8,564 reviews Property is in a prime location in the city centre. H hotel has a bar and restaurant. Staff were friendly and helpful Angela United Kingdom Heeton Concept Hotel - City Centre Liverpool Liverpool From CAD 201.50 per night 7.9 Good · 5,383 reviews Close to city centre and docks. I would recommend the accomodation as the quality of hotel exceed my expectation. Katerina Czech Republic 62 Castle Street Hotel Liverpool From CAD 136.61 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 1,367 reviews loved the hotel, lovely room, so spacious and perfect location for the docks and city centre. Mairead United Kingdom Chillpads @ Sefton Park Liverpool From CAD 47.81 per night 5.7 Above average · 215 reviews The hotel was close proximity to family and city centre. T Olah United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Car hire in Liverpool Hire a car and hit the road, whether that's A to B or for a longer road trip. Hotels near Anfield Stadium Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Things to do in Liverpool How will you spend your time in the city? Hotels in England Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Merseyside Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Liverpool City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in The Docks Explore Liverpool while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Visit Liverpool Everything you need to know about your destination. Flights from London to Liverpool Find and compare the best flights. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Liverpool Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1871440,1870380,1866460,1870380|7,1847760,1870380|3,1846890,1847760|3