The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Wellington, New Zealand - Wellington hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Wellington Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Wellington hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels New Zealand Wellington Wellington Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Wellington – 150 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Willis Wellington Hotel 3.5 stars Hotel in Wellington Located in the Cuba Quarter of Wellington, Willis Wellington Hotel is 6 minutes' walk from Renouf Tennis Centre. lesleyh New Zealand Everything about the hotel exceeded our expectations Show more Show less 6.5 Review score 2,456 reviews Price from CAD 128 per night Check availability Mövenpick Hotel Wellington 5 stars Hotel in Wellington Overlooking the Cuban quarter and nestled between the scenic hills of Wellington, restaurants and theatres of Cuba Street, Mövenpick Hotel Wellington features refurbished guest rooms and suites and an... Crumback United States The staff was extremely kind and accommodating. We loved our room because it was spacious, had a great view of the city and we were lucky enough to be on the top floor. We also ate at the hotel restaurant and had a spectacular meal. The staff was extremely attentive and helped with recommendations. The bathroom in our room was very clean and the water pressure was great, It was our honeymoon and the team even had a surprise desert plate waiting for us in our room and gave us a free upgrade! It was wonderful Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 1,017 reviews Price from CAD 141 per night Check availability The Cobbler Hotel Hotel in Wellington CBD, Wellington Situated in Wellington within 1.5 km of Freyberg Beach and less than 1 km of TSB Bank Arena, The Cobbler Hotel features rooms with free WiFi. Elizabeth Canada The location was great, close to bus stops, eateries, and shopping. The facility was clean, and there were treats for us. There was also an elevator, so it was great for getting luggage up to the room. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 246 reviews Price from CAD 174 per night Check availability Quest 256 Lambton 4 stars Hotel in CBD - Lambton Quay, Wellington Well set in the Wellington CBD district of Wellington, Quest 256 Lambton is set 700 metres from Beehive Parliament Building, 500 metres from TSB Bank Arena and less than 1 km from Parliament... Akram Nabil Egypt Everything. Included a new and fully functional washer and dryer in the room as well as a dishwasher. Fully equipped kitchenette and small dining table. Bed was very comfortable and bathroom was clean and comfortable to use. Staff very responsive and polite. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 743 reviews Price from CAD 163 per night Check availability The Intrepid Hotel 4.5 stars Hotel in Cuba Street, Wellington Situated in Wellington, less than 1 km from Te Papa Museum, The Intrepid Hotel provides express check-in and check-out and free WiFi throughout the property. Pera New Zealand Everything! I had been previously and it’s still as amazing as it was. everything was neat, facilities were perfect, and the overall feel of the place is still incredible. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 520 reviews Price from CAD 270 per night Check availability Ramada by Wyndham Wellington Taranaki Street 4 stars Hotel in CBD - Courtney Place, Wellington Located within 400 metres of National War Memorial and 600 metres of Basin Reserve Cricket Ground, Ramada by Wyndham Wellington Taranaki Street provides rooms with air conditioning and a private... Chu Yian Singapore Location is very convenient and accessible. The room facilities were more than adequate. And the counter staff were really friendly and helpful! Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 2,857 reviews Price from CAD 200 per night Check availability Oaks Wellington Hotel 4 stars Hotel in CBD - Courtney Place, Wellington Offering refurbished accommodation in the heart of Wellington's entertainment precinct, Oaks Wellington Hotel boasts city views and is just 500 metres from the waterfront. Kylene Bailey Australia Very nice, cozy and perfect location Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 6,343 reviews Price from CAD 141 per night Check availability Rydges Wellington Airport 4.5 stars Hotel in Wellington Conveniently located above the international terminal of Wellington Airport, this 4.5-star hotel features a fitness centre, on site restaurant and bar, room service and 24-hour front desk. Colin South Africa Friendly, efficient and welcoming staff. Very comfortable bedroom en suite with all the necessary facilities, and excellent water pressure in the shower. Bearing in mind the location within the airport, we were surprised at how quiet our room was, and we slept very well. We had a light supper which was good, but left too early for breakfast. Location was unbeatable for an early departure. 50m from the reception desk down the escalator and straight into the departure terminal! Highly recommended under similar circumstances. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 6,579 reviews Price from CAD 154 per night Check availability Doubletree By Hilton Wellington 4 stars Hotel in CBD - Lambton Quay, Wellington Situated in Wellington's CBD, Doubletree By Hilton Wellington offers guests a city escape, just 450 metres from the waterfront. Nicki Malaysia it’s location. The best of both worlds - leisure and business. A stone away from the seafront, restaurants, sightseeing and local attractions. A great car park right next to their hotel is certainly a plus if you are driving. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 2,410 reviews Price from CAD 133 per night Check availability Museum Apartment Hotel, Independent Collection by EVT 5 stars Hotel in CBD - Courtney Place, Wellington Museum Apartment Hotel offers a fusion of luxurious art, technology and indulgence. It boasts an eclectic collection of New Zealand art and features a restaurant, heated indoor pool and a day spa. Esben United States Excellent central location. Our room was well appointed. The staff was very helpful and friendly Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 1,061 reviews Price from CAD 200 per night Check availability See all 75 hotels in Wellington Cheapest time to stay in Wellington In June you can stay in Wellington for an average price of CA$134 per night CA$251CA$201CA$151CA$101CA$50CA$0 CA$148 Jan CA$193 Feb CA$178 Mar CA$138 Apr CA$139 May CA$134 Jun CA$148 Jul CA$142 Aug CA$155 Sep CA$141 Oct CA$141 Nov CA$158 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Wellington in the past month See all Oaks Wellington Hotel Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 8.1 Very good · 6,349 reviews James Cook Hotel Grand Chancellor Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 8.0 Very good · 6,728 reviews Naumi Studio Wellington Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 8.0 Very good · 4,654 reviews Rydges Wellington Airport Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 8.6 Fabulous · 6,579 reviews Rydges Wellington Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 7.9 Good · 5,516 reviews Travelodge Hotel Wellington Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 7.7 Good · 2,932 reviews Mercure Wellington Abel Tasman Hotel Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 7.1 Good · 4,982 reviews Microtel by Wyndham Wellington Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 7.7 Good · 2,069 reviews ibis Wellington Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 7.7 Good · 4,620 reviews Willis Wellington Hotel Hotel in Wellington Popular with guests booking hotels in Wellington 6.5 Pleasant · 2,458 reviews Wellington's best hotels with breakfast See all James Cook Hotel Grand Chancellor Hotel in Wellington Breakfast options James Cook Hotel is located in the heart of Wellington, just 500 metres from Lambton Harbour. It features a fitness centre and a restaurant with harbour views. comfortable, handy to town,lovely dining, helpful staff Avg. price/night: CAD 174.48 8.0 Very good · 6,728 reviews Mövenpick Hotel Wellington Hotel in Wellington Breakfast options Overlooking the Cuban quarter and nestled between the scenic hills of Wellington, restaurants and theatres of Cuba Street, Mövenpick Hotel Wellington features refurbished guest rooms and suites and an... Excellent hotel with super staff who were very helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 155.27 8.5 Very good · 1,017 reviews TRYP by Wyndham Wellington, Tory Street Hotel in Wellington Breakfast options Conveniently located in the Wellington CBD district of Wellington, TRYP by Wyndham Wellington, Tory Street is set 1 km from Freyberg Beach, 3 km from Hataitai Beach and 300 metres from Te Papa Museum. New York loft style feel, location of the property Avg. price/night: CAD 189.54 8.7 Fabulous · 636 reviews Sofitel Wellington Hotel in Wellington Breakfast options Surrounded by lush botanic gardens, Sofitel blends French 'art de vivre' with New Zealand's capital beauty. The 5-star hotel is central to Parliament's precinct, premium shopping and Sky Stadium. Perfect location and best ever deal for dinner and breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 253.78 8.5 Very good · 890 reviews Naumi Hotel Wellington Hotel in Wellington Breakfast options Introducing Naumi Hotel Wellington, a sensory dreamland where you can stay high and get low on Wellington’s electric Cuba Street. Great funky vibe in the rooms .. was in no way sterile. Avg. price/night: CAD 217.89 8.6 Fabulous · 923 reviews Ohtel Wellington Hotel in Wellington Breakfast options Ohtel Wellington, located in Oriental Bay, offers guests a 5-star experience from the personalised service and luxurious accommodation. home away from home! cosy and fun decor. big rooms! Avg. price/night: CAD 283.55 8.7 Fabulous · 382 reviews Microtel by Wyndham Wellington Hotel in Wellington Breakfast options Well situated in the Wellington CBD district of Wellington, Microtel by Wyndham Wellington is set 1.4 km from Freyberg Beach, 2.6 km from Hataitai Beach and 500 metres from National War Memorial. a proper hotel setting with all necessity available. Avg. price/night: CAD 165.29 7.7 Good · 2,069 reviews Mercure Wellington Abel Tasman Hotel Hotel in Wellington Breakfast options Mercure Wellington Abel Tasman Hotel is ideally located between The Terrace, Lambton Quay and Courtenay Place, in the centre of Wellington's business and entertainment district. Fit for purpose, would stay again, location great. Avg. price/night: CAD 148.01 7.1 Good · 4,982 reviews Budget hotels in Wellington See all Quest 256 Lambton Hotel in Wellington Budget Hotel Well set in the Wellington CBD district of Wellington, Quest 256 Lambton is set 700 metres from Beehive Parliament Building, 500 metres from TSB Bank Arena and less than 1 km from Parliament Buildings... The cleanliness, modern design & fully equipped! Avg. price/night: CAD 187.83 9.1 Superb · 743 reviews InterContinental Wellington, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Wellington Budget Hotel InterContinental Wellington is situated by Wellington’s harbour, just 5 miles away from Wellington International Airport. Always stay at intercontinental. Home away from home. Avg. price/night: CAD 281.54 8.5 Very good · 2,654 reviews Wellesley Boutique Hotel Hotel in Wellington Budget Hotel This 4-star boutique hotel offers free Wi-Fi and is located in the heart of Wellington, 10 minutes’ away from the Westpac Stadium, Queen's Wharf Event Centre, and the Lambton Harbour. very comfy room. excellent staff and superb location. Avg. price/night: CAD 205.36 8.1 Very good · 470 reviews Shepherds Arms Hotel Hotel in Wellington Budget Hotel This hotel offers stylish modern rooms with free Wi-Fi and satellite TV, just 8 minutes’ drive from Westpac Stadium and the Interislander Ferry Terminal. Staff were lovely, food in the restaurant was delicious. Avg. price/night: CAD 95.17 7.3 Good · 1,417 reviews Brentwood Hotel Hotel in Wellington Budget Hotel Nestled in Kilbirnie, Brentwood Hotel offer spacious accommodation only 2.6 km from Wellington Airport and 10 minutes’ drive from Wellington’s CBD. It was the perfect location where we needed to be. 7.7 Good · 1,858 reviews Bay Plaza Hotel Hotel in Wellington Budget Hotel Bay Plaza Hotel is located on Oriental Parade in Wellington’s city centre, offering rooms with satellite and Freeview TV and a tea and coffee maker. Te Papa Museum is a short 5-minute walk away. Close to conference venue, Te Papa, waterfront etc Avg. price/night: CAD 125.22 7.4 Good · 1,200 reviews Travelodge Hotel Wellington Hotel in Wellington Budget Hotel Just 13 minutes’ walk from the iconic Te Papa Museum in the heart of Wellington, Travelodge offers rooms with flat-screen cable TV. It features a fitness centre. Free WiFi is available. Location fantastic. Rooms clean and nice and quiet Avg. price/night: CAD 124.60 7.7 Good · 2,932 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Wellington See all Sojourn Apartment Hotel - Ghuznee Hotel in Wellington Central location Situated in Wellington, 1.9 km from Freyberg Beach, Sojourn Apartment Hotel - Ghuznee features views of the city. Central city location. Everything was very closeby. Avg. price/night: CAD 159.04 8.6 Fabulous · 410 reviews Bolton Hotel Hotel in Wellington Central location Bolton Hotel is an elegant, boutique, 5-star hotel offering free WiFi on multiple devices and in-room iPad minis. Secure valet parking is available. The room was larger than expected and comfortable too. Avg. price/night: CAD 166.13 8.6 Fabulous · 2,615 reviews Sojourn Apartment Hotel - Riddiford Hotel in Wellington Central location Sojourn Apartment Hotel - Riddiford is located in Wellington, 2.7 km from Freyberg Beach and 2.5 km from Te Papa Museum. Great location. Comfortable room. Great amenities. Avg. price/night: CAD 155.68 8.6 Fabulous · 903 reviews CityLife Wellington Hotel in Wellington Central location Citylife Wellington offers modern 4-star accommodation in the heart of Wellington’s trendy shopping area of Lambton Quay. I liked everything Location, cleanliness, friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 166.96 8.4 Very good · 2,488 reviews Hotel Room @ 89 Courtenay Place Hotel in Wellington Central location Situated in Wellington, 1.3 km from Freyberg Beach, Hotel Room @ 89 Courtenay Place features accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. Amazing, 10/10. Would definitely stay here again. Avg. price/night: CAD 141.08 8.3 Very good · 382 reviews Novotel Wellington Hotel in Wellington Central location Offering direct access to the Lambton Quay shopping area, just 850 metres from Wellington Station, this hotel features rooms with floor-to-ceiling windows and panoramic views. I like the comfy bed. Also liked we had sky sports Avg. price/night: CAD 142 7.9 Good · 1,924 reviews Rydges Wellington Hotel in Wellington Central location Rydges Wellington is centrally located on downtown Featherston Street, and features a unique combination of harbour and city outlooks. Great room, comfortable beds and excellent breakfast buffet Avg. price/night: CAD 171.97 7.9 Good · 5,516 reviews Copthorne Hotel Wellington, Oriental Bay Hotel in Wellington Central location Guests at Copthorne Oriental Bay enjoy stunning Wellington Harbour views from the restaurant. Guest can enjoy unlimited WiFi during their stay. Lovely room, harbour views, super comfortable bed 😊 Avg. price/night: CAD 181.15 7.9 Good · 4,563 reviews FAQs about hotels in Wellington How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Wellington? On average, 3-star hotels in Wellington cost CAD 143 per night, and 4-star hotels in Wellington are CAD 198 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Wellington can on average be found for CAD 208 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Wellington for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Wellington this weekend is CAD 160 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 202. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Wellington for this weekend cost on average around CAD 254 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Wellington for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 244 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Wellington for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 411 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Wellington will cost around CAD 502 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Wellington are good for families? Many families visiting Wellington loved staying at The Intrepid Hotel, The Cobbler Hotel and Quest 256 Lambton. What are the best hotels in Wellington near Te Papa Museum? Some of the best hotels in Wellington near Te Papa Museum include The Cobbler Hotel, The Marion Hostel and Museum Apartment. What are the best hotels in Wellington near Wellington Airport? Travellers who stayed in Wellington near Wellington Airport (WLG) have said good things about Rydges Wellington Airport, Sojourn Apartment Hotel - Riddiford and Ohtel Wellington. What are the best hotels to stay in Wellington? The Cobbler Hotel, The Intrepid Hotel and Quest 256 Lambton are some of the popular hotels in Wellington. What hotels in Wellington offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Wellington that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try James Cook Hotel Grand Chancellor, InterContinental Wellington, an IHG Hotel and Naumi Studio Wellington. What hotels in Wellington are good for couples? These hotels in Wellington are highly rated by couples: The Intrepid Hotel, The Cobbler Hotel and Quest 256 Lambton. What hotels in Wellington have nice views? Sofitel Wellington, Rydges Wellington Airport and Bolton Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Wellington regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Wild and Wonderful Welly Acclaimed for its thriving art, film and cultural scene, windy ‘Welly’ is enclosed by mountains such as Kaukau and Victoria on one side and the picturesque Wellington Harbour on the other. Wellington has the distinction of being the world’s southernmost capital city. As the gateway to New Zealand’s magical south island, Queens Wharf is headquarters for ferry services across Cook Strait as well as in the direction of Eastbourne on the other side of the harbour. Get your bearings by using the Kelburn cable car that starts at Lambton Quay and travels up to the Botanic Gardens and Carter Observatory with its sweeping views across the Miramar Peninsula and local bays. Don’t miss a visit to New Zealand’s national museum, Te Papa, which also incorporates the National Art Gallery. Cuba Street offers a multicultural touch and includes the Wellington Night Market with an array of international cuisines. Ascot Street is a lively shopping precinct. Wellington Airport has flights to other domestic destinations as well as Australia and Fiji. Booking.com can help you choose your hotel to round off a fantastic city trip vacation. Learn more about visiting Wellington 3 attractions 19 points of interest 4 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Wellington: 10 Absolutely love visiting Wellington. Absolutely love visiting Wellington. Easy to navigate on foot. Parking expensive if you have a car so we look for accommodation that provides free parking. Plenty of amazing restaurants and cafes in and around Cuba Street. Te Papa a must visit destination and if you are there on Sunday, visit the market just around the corner. Yummy food stalls and great fresh fruit and veg vendors. Kylee New Zealand 4.0 Wellington on the whole is a rundown place, except a few... Wellington on the whole is a rundown place, except a few arty hotels like QT or Naomi or Museum. Unless you come here on a sunny windless day you might feel like there is an apocalyptic event ahead of you. Kájinka New Zealand 10 I could have added another night. I could have added another night. However, I was sick so it was probably right for this time. Next time, I’ll stay at least three nights. Such a thriving wine and food scene. Check out Liberty (sibling to Logan Brown) and Elixir. The Green Man was fine for a pub drink. Finefoodgirl Australia 10 Wellington was friendly and clean. Wellington was friendly and clean. We felt safe in this city. The shopping was fantastic and the food was amazing. There were some great activities eg. Funicular, Botanic Gardens, the Lady Norwood Rose Garden, the Te Papa (Museum) and the waterfront Trudyseymour Australia 8.0 Although the weather let us down for our “day” in Wellington... Although the weather let us down for our “day” in Wellington we still had a great time at Te Papa. Only downfall of this idea was everyone else who was visiting Wellington was there too. Pity the cafe staff were not able to cope with the demand. Poor management I feel. Fortunately we found an excellent restaurant not far away with great harbour views. 10 Always a treat to visit Wellington - so easy to get around,... Always a treat to visit Wellington - so easy to get around, buses frequent with helpful drivers. It only rained on one day - Friday 10th Nov. In the mornings, I walked to the Mt Vic lookout - except on one day, I walked along the bays. My friend celebrated her birthday with a cruise on the Sweet Georgia. Had dinners at Bin 44, KC Cafe, Apache and The Grand. Had old work reunion at Southern Cross Bar and visited dear friend in Miramar. Spent amazing time with one of my best friends and caught up with my cousins. You can walk everywhere - Lambton Quay, Cuba St, Courtenay Place and Oriental Bay. And you can grab food, easily from New World and many cafes and restaurants in the CBD. Denise Explore guest reviews of hotels in Wellington See all QT Wellington Hotel in Wellington From CAD 210 per night 8.1 Very good 2,892 reviews I have stayed at the hotel before. The number and quality of artworks provide a significant 'point of difference' for my husband and me when selecting somewhere to stay in Wellington. We love the gallery ambience - the array of contemporary New Zealand art is deeply pleasurable - a feeling that one never tires of! There are delights around every corner. We hope that this never changes. We are prepared to pay for the pleasure! We will be recommending the hotel to all of our friends who also love art and culture. Show more Show less Val New Zealand Bella Vista Motel Wellington Wellington From CAD 167 per night 8.4 Very good 816 reviews The location was chosen as we had a breakfast flight and we wanted to stay on the airport side of the Victoria Tunnel. There was lovely Moroccan restaurant across from the motel and there is a cafe 5 minutes walk away. Its is about a 15 minute walk to a local shopping center. Access to the central city requires a vehicle or public transport with a bus stop not far from the motel. The room was lovey and clean and well set-out. Show more Show less Trudi New Zealand ibis Wellington Hotel in Wellington From CAD 99 per night 7.7 Good 4,618 reviews Two very comfy double beds in the decent sized room. Pillow menu available ! Decent sized shower with plenty of hot water and a nice high pressure. Room was warm Could hear some traffic noise but have had worse at other hotels in Wellington. Central city location was brilliant. Thunderbird Cafe directly across the road from the hotel entrance do great brunches & coffee. Show more Show less Collins New Zealand Shepherds Arms Hotel Hotel in Wellington From CAD 66 per night 7.3 Good 1,417 reviews The Shepherd Arms is one of the few hotels in New Zealand that has an 'English Pub feel' (where I have stayed some 500 different times in different pubs) about it and this is what I look for when travelling even around New Zealand. The dinner menu, although small, was good and the food very acceptable. Will stay again when next in need of accommodation in Wellington Show more Show less Graeme New Zealand Sojourn Apartment Hotel - Ghuznee Hotel in Wellington From CAD 134 per night 8.6 Fabulous 410 reviews Great inner city location - new build with very clean and tidy exterior and interior. Welcome at the front desk was very friendly and helpful and access to our room was fast and easy. Room was small but well appointed. Not much storage space but we were travelling light anyway. Shower was excellent - always a hallmark of a good accomodation choice. Show more Show less Daryl R New Zealand Copthorne Hotel Wellington, Oriental Bay Hotel in Wellington From CAD 128 per night 7.9 Good 4,568 reviews Excellent location, clean facilties, staff (especially Kiera at the reception) was really friendly and helpful. Given the convenience of parking space right in front of the hotel and Wellington CBD "convenience" for parking, price/performance-wise (after checking hours and hours), I can easily say one of the best options! Show more Show less Slancer New Zealand Sojourn Apartment Hotel - Riddiford Hotel in Wellington From CAD 151 per night 8.6 Fabulous 903 reviews I liked the fact that we were able to book the hotel very last minute and had very accommodating staff who assisted us. I liked the location which was right next to a supermarket and city location. The room had all the necessities. I liked that there was 24 hour reception also. Show more Show less Alexandra New Zealand Willis Wellington Hotel Hotel in Wellington From CAD 128 per night 6.5 Review score 2,456 reviews It is close to Wellington port and city center for travelers. The breakfast was great. The reception opened 24/7. Bed was ok all what you need for one night stay. Did not have chance to check any more about hotel as on our way up north. Show more Show less Jasmina New Zealand U Residence Hotel Wellington From CAD 210 per night 7.9 Good 833 reviews GREAT TO TRAVEL WITH PETS AND EASY TO GET TO THE FERRY. PARKING IS GOOD . WE HAVE STAYED HERE A FEW TIMES NOW AS IT SUITS US WITH PETS AND IT IS CENTRAL FOR WORK OR CITY DINING OR TE PAPA AND CLOSE TO THE WATERFRONT TO WALK WITH POOCH. Show more Show less Rachel New Zealand Sofitel Wellington Hotel in Wellington From CAD 191 per night 8.5 Very good 890 reviews The hotel itself is modern, clean, the rooms are a decent size and well maintained. The location is not far from city center. The garden view overlooks the greenery of Wellington and the Bolton Street Memorial Park. Show more Show less Sharma Australia Trinity Hotel Hotel in Wellington From CAD 128 per night 7.4 Good 2,545 reviews Very Central to Wellington CBD. Access to the building was good and there was a least 2-3 Bar/Restaurants just next door. Very good value for money with the hotel across the road at least 50% more expensive. Show more Show less Dean New Zealand Doubletree By Hilton Wellington Hotel in Wellington From CAD 133 per night 8.4 Very good 2,413 reviews Beautiful building. Room was exceptional. Spacious, clean, comfortable and very well appointed. Dined in their restaurant and the meal was amazing. Great location right in the city could walk everywhere easily. Show more Show less Jane Australia Richmond Guest House Wellington From CAD 100 per night 7.8 Good 1,561 reviews Located centrally to the city and entertainmnent. Very neat and tidy room and bathroom. Friendly host John ws available when needed. Old charm with nice antique collections and fittings. Show more Show less Narasingham New Zealand Rydges Wellington Airport Hotel in Wellington From CAD 154 per night 8.6 Fabulous 6,579 reviews The hotel is part of the Wellington airport - great from transit stops in Wellington. Front counter staff most accommodating and provided options to get into the city etc Show more Show less Norm Ireland Ramada by Wyndham Wellington Taranaki Street Hotel in Wellington From CAD 200 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,857 reviews Modern hotel. Spacious rooms. Awesome location, short walk to all the main places in the city. Great value for money. The staff were super friendly. Show more Show less Hope New Zealand Marksman Motor Inn Wellington From CAD 123 per night 7.6 Good 1,461 reviews Close to venue for visit to Wellington. Within close proximity of central city, zoo, Basin Reserve and airport. Show more Show less Kane New Zealand Quest on Johnston Serviced Apartments Wellington From CAD 178 per night 7.9 Good 2,101 reviews The hotel was in a great location in Wellington City. The room was very large and my stay was very comfortable. Show more Show less Trevor Japan CityLife Wellington Hotel in Wellington From CAD 167 per night 8.4 Very good 2,488 reviews the location, the comfort and the warmth. a quiet and very central place to stay in the city. Show more Show less Tatiana New Zealand West Plaza Hotel Hotel in Wellington From CAD 142 per night 7.5 Good 2,421 reviews Location of the hotel to the city Show more Show less Kathy New Zealand Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in New Zealand Eager to explore more of New Zealand? Find hotels up and down the country! Hotels near Cloudy Bay Vineyards Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Wellington District Court Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Te Papa Museum Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Car hire in Wellington Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels in Rotorua Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Taupo Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Taupo, also popular with our guests! Flights to Wellington Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hotels near Wellington Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Wellington Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760|3,1846890,1870380|3,1870380,1833870,1847760,1870380|6,1866460,1871440