The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates - Fujairah hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Fujairah Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Fujairah hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Arab Emirates Fujairah Fujairah Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Fujairah – 38 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates V Hotel Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Featuring free WiFi and a sun terrace, V Hotel Fujairah offers accommodation in Fujairah, 4.2 km from Fujairah Mall. Guests can enjoy the rooftop pool overlooking the Gulf of Oman. Show more 6.4 Pleasant 4,357 reviews Price fromCAD 52.79per night Check availability Novotel Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Novotel Fujairah is located in the middle of Fujairah City minutes away from Fujairah city centre mall. It offers free Wi-Fi, a restaurant, a coffee lounge and 6 equipped meeting rooms. Show more 7.9 Good 1,642 reviews Price fromCAD 179.90per night Check availability Ibis Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah The 3-star Ibis Fujairah is located 3 km from the Fujairah Corniche and City Centre Shopping Mall. It features on-site parking, free Wi-Fi, a sports lounge and meeting facilities. Show more 7.3 Good 1,866 reviews Price fromCAD 66.26per night Check availability Royal M Hotel Fujairah Mall Hotel in Fujairah Located in Fujairah, Royal M Hotel Fujairah offers elegant and modern accommodations with views of the mountains. The hotel adjoins the iconic Fujairah Mall, home to over 80 luxury and premium... Show more 8.3 Very good 2,753 reviews Price fromCAD 99.38per night Check availability Palace Beach Resort Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Located in Fujairah, less than 1 km from Fujairah Beach, Palace Beach Resort Fujairah provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Show more 9.0 Superb 824 reviews Price fromCAD 197.39per night Check availability Concorde Hotel - Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah The Concorde Fujairah Hotel is situated 3 km from the beach and offers luxurious rooms with either mountain or ocean views. The rooftop pool overlooks the Hajaar Mountains. Show more 8.3 Very good 2,052 reviews Price fromCAD 96.16per night Check availability TIME Moonstone Hotel Apartments Hotel in Fujairah Located in Fujairah, TIME Moonstone Hotel Apartments is 1.5 km from Fujairah Mall. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 1,610 reviews Price fromCAD 122.39per night Check availability Nour Arjaan by Rotana-Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Nour Arjaan by Rotana, Fujairah offers deluxe hotel apartments that represent the height of elegant city living for short and long-stay residents and travelers alike. Show more 8.2 Very good 902 reviews Price fromCAD 103.06per night Check availability Doubletree By Hilton Fujairah City Hotel in Fujairah Set in Fujairah, 1.4 km from Fujairah Mall, Doubletree By Hilton Fujairah City offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 543 reviews Price fromCAD 125.15per night Check availability City Tower Hotel Hotel in Fujairah The City Tower Hotel is situated in the middle of Fujairah city within a short driving distance from beach. Show more 6.9 Pleasant 4,194 reviews Price fromCAD 64.41per night Check availability See all 14 hotels in Fujairah Most booked hotels in Fujairah in the past month See all V Hotel Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah 6.4 Pleasant · 4,353 reviews Royal M Hotel Fujairah Mall Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah 8.3 Very good · 2,754 reviews SHH Hotel Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah City Tower Hotel Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah 6.9 Pleasant · 4,195 reviews TIME Moonstone Hotel Apartments Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah 8.6 Fabulous · 1,610 reviews Doubletree By Hilton Fujairah City Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah 8.6 Fabulous · 541 reviews Ibis Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah 7.3 Good · 1,866 reviews Fortis Hotel Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah 7.2 Good · 1,770 reviews Palace Beach Resort Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah 9.0 Superb · 824 reviews Nour Arjaan by Rotana-Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Popular with guests booking hotels in Fujairah 8.2 Very good · 902 reviews Budget hotels in Fujairah See all Novotel Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah Budget Hotel Novotel Fujairah is located in the middle of Fujairah City minutes away from Fujairah city centre mall. It offers free Wi-Fi, a restaurant, a coffee lounge and 6 equipped meeting rooms. Mr Mina has helped us to find a solution at our issue Avg. price/night: CAD 225.78 7.9 Good · 1,642 reviews City Tower Hotel Hotel in Fujairah Budget Hotel The City Tower Hotel is situated in the middle of Fujairah city within a short driving distance from beach. Reception staff is good especially bush and Soni Avg. price/night: CAD 80.84 6.9 Pleasant · 4,195 reviews Fujairah Hotel & Resort Hotel in Fujairah Budget Hotel Fujairah Hotel & Resort is situated in the heart of Fujairah city across the street from Century Mall. Pool was good for children; price is very reasonable. Avg. price/night: CAD 92.39 7.2 Good · 556 reviews Clifton International Hotel Hotel in Fujairah Budget Hotel Located in Fujairah, Clifton International Hotel offers modern accommodations. It boasts a full-service spa. All guest units feature contemporary, wooden furnishings and a flat-screen TV. L'emplacement. L'espace dans l'appartement Avg. price/night: CAD 59.59 5.3 Average · 742 reviews The Uptown Hotel Apartment Hotel in Fujairah Budget Hotel Located in Fujairah, 7 km from Fujairah Mall, The Uptown Hotel Apartment features a fitness centre and views of the sea. Nice modern new apartment. Perfect if you have a car. Avg. price/night: CAD 92.39 7.5 Good · 1,219 reviews FAQs about hotels in Fujairah How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Fujairah? On average, 3-star hotels in Fujairah cost CAD 73 per night, and 4-star hotels in Fujairah are CAD 89 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Fujairah can on average be found for CAD 176 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Fujairah for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Fujairah this weekend is CAD 97 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 177. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Fujairah for this weekend cost on average around CAD 240 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Fujairah for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 115 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Fujairah for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 179 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Fujairah will cost around CAD 248 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Fujairah are good for families? Many families visiting Fujairah loved staying at Palace Beach Resort Fujairah, TIME Moonstone Hotel Apartments and Doubletree By Hilton Fujairah City. What are the best hotels to stay in Fujairah? Palace Beach Resort Fujairah, TIME Moonstone Hotel Apartments and Royal M Hotel Fujairah Mall are some of the popular hotels in Fujairah. What hotels in Fujairah offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Fujairah that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Doubletree By Hilton Fujairah City, Royal M Hotel Fujairah Mall and Palace Beach Resort Fujairah. What hotels in Fujairah are good for couples? These hotels in Fujairah are highly rated by couples: Palace Beach Resort Fujairah, Doubletree By Hilton Fujairah City and TIME Moonstone Hotel Apartments. What hotels in Fujairah have nice views? Palace Beach Resort Fujairah, Concorde Hotel - Fujairah and Nour Arjaan by Rotana-Fujairah have received great reviews from travellers in Fujairah regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Fujairah: 8.0 The city is located in a beautiful nature and you can... The city is located in a beautiful nature and you can clearly see both the mountains and the ocean, beautiful promenades, many shopping centers, City Centre visited many times , in the city a huge number of restaurants and cafes for every taste. Historical sites are also interesting, such as the ancient fortress. You can also rent a car and drive all the way to Dibba. Taxi is much cheaper than in Dudai Natalia United Arab Emirates 10 Khorfakan in hotel. Khorfakan in hotel. Wonderful seafood dish yes Stress omaima United Arab Emirates 6.0 Quiet Location and peaceful atmosphere and City traffic... Quiet Location and peaceful atmosphere and City traffic during dat time and Night times were very good, no traffic jams or road blocks etc. very nice place to have a peaceful night's sleep with good Rest and Recreation facilities and a lots of locations to visit and enjoy. Abraham United Arab Emirates 10 Nice and comfy. Nice and comfy. If you come from Dubai, it's like going to the countryside. Less people, everything nearby, cheaper than Dubai. Loads of good value eateries and shopping malls. A great tennis club and alcohol stores accessible without a passport :) Great beaches in Fujairah city, beautiful walkways to Kalba, and towards north. Kristjan Estonia 10 there's a lot of places to visit, peaceful, scenic views not... there's a lot of places to visit, peaceful, scenic views not crowded but you need to bring your own transportation. we did not see any public bus only few taxis. it will be hard to visit places without your own transport. Estrellita Cancio United Arab Emirates 8.0 Overall facilities are very good, excellent swimming pool,... Overall facilities are very good, excellent swimming pool, gym and rooms. Breakfast is excellent but dinner was poor selection. Housekeeping is poor. We had mosquitoes in our room and it took them 3 hours to respond and treat it Qureshi United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Fujairah See all V Hotel Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 44 per night 6.4 Review score 4,353 reviews The room was great , clean and comfortable with good view of city/ ocean . room amenities were great too. Rooms looks same like they are shown in the picture/ images. the room service was definitely up to the mark , very impressed. the front desk were kind and made sure any queries or requests were considered. the food ordered though the hotel restaurant was amazing : tasty , reasonable and worth it. best part about it’s was 24 hrs open. They have a decent pool which is clean and nice with good view. Show more Show less DAISY United Arab Emirates Concorde Hotel - Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 96 per night 8.3 Very good 2,044 reviews This hotel is situated on one of the most important roads of Fujairah. The location is great and many important places are situated in its proximity. The great mosque is also behind the hotel. My room was very generous in terms of space. Elevators are very smooth and very easy to operate. People working there are doing their best to accommodate the needs of the guests! Thank you for your efforts! The Spa was a nice addition to my stay, as I had a nice massage. Show more Show less VON HERMANNSTADT United Arab Emirates Aparthotel Adagio Fujairah Fujairah From CAD 123 per night 8.1 Very good 225 reviews I visited the Aparthotel in Fujairah from 26 Sep to 28 Sep , just for relaxing from work as i got a holiday I was fascinated by the comfort and cleanness in the room it was more than I expected the kitchen was so clean and ( plates , cups , spoons etc. ) all available and clean the staff are amazing and so helpful especially a Lady staff called ( Ruth ) she was so helpful . I advise everyone to book there mid price range but RECOMANDED Show more Show less John Alan Smith United Arab Emirates TIME Moonstone Hotel Apartments Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 122 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,610 reviews I like the cleanliness of the hotel. Hotel staff' are so friendly and accomodating you can feel that they are very dedicated to their work.i would like to acknowledge also Ms. Terry from the reception who is so hospitable and friendly while performing her duty as a receptionist.. time moonatone hotel is a super nice place to stay in fujairah. Show more Show less Sheryl United Arab Emirates Luxurious 3 bedroom apartment with beach and pool access Fujairah From CAD 372 per night 8.1 Very good 28 reviews It was not clear from the booking where to pick up the keys, the location was incorrectly shown on the MAP so we drove for over an hour to various hotels to find the correct point. GPS shows Shelly Beach which is 1km away. I would suggest updating the location and add clear description in the heading that it is part of Address Hotel Residents. Show more Show less Jonathan United Arab Emirates Royal M Hotel Fujairah Mall Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 99 per night 8.3 Very good 2,754 reviews Hotel is clean, friendly staff, quick check in and check-out. Quick room service for the kids meals that we ordered. Connection to Fujairah Mall is definitely a plus point where we spent a couple of hours shopping and later on had dinner. A supermarket is also easily accessible from there. Would definitely visit again after Ramadan. Show more Show less Nasra United Arab Emirates Address Beach Fujairah sharm Fujairah From CAD 398 per night 7.6 Good 22 reviews - Great location- close to beach, pool and hotel. You can use all amenities. - Quick Check in. Camellia, the manager was there to check we were ok - spacious, clean, comfortable with beautiful furnishings and large terrace space - Essentials provided and extra towels on request - Excellent value for money Show more Show less Gaynor United Arab Emirates Fujairah Hotel & Resort Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 74 per night 7.2 Good 556 reviews Very nostalgic style cozy appearance. I liked how the rooms were all around the pool, which felt super cozy and unpretentious. It reminded me of old beach resorts and Chalets in Lebanon. Show more Show less Souraya United Arab Emirates OYO 328 City Plaza Hotel Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 33 per night 5.9 Review score 697 reviews Excellent location in the heart of Fujairah. Most facilities nearby the hotel including rent a car, grocery and a couple of restaurants within walking distance. Show more Show less Haseeb United Arab Emirates Palace Beach Resort Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 197 per night 9.0 Superb 825 reviews everything thing was totally organized, the hotel look fabulous and brand new, beach and swimming pool is super clean and nice. highly recommended to visit Show more Show less Ahmed United Arab Emirates Ibis Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 66 per night 7.3 Good 1,866 reviews Nothing at all just the funniest thing I've seen that there's"Tyre Killers" where I found only in Ibis Hotel Fujairah... 😁😁😁 Show more Show less Dwi endah Kusumawati United Arab Emirates Al Bahar Hotel & Resort Fujairah From CAD 182 per night 8.2 Very good 5,133 reviews It is an excellent Hotel with all Facilities available : Swimming Pool, beach , restaurants , room service Show more Show less Said United Arab Emirates The Uptown Hotel Apartment Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 74 per night 7.5 Good 1,222 reviews The hotel is in a good location. Its nearby to the mall, beach resort and nighlife. Its also clean. Show more Show less Nida United Arab Emirates City Tower Hotel Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 64 per night 6.9 Review score 4,188 reviews the best hotel to stay. front office staffs was very friendy, especially Mr.pranav and Mr.Midhun Show more Show less Mahmood Oman Novotel Fujairah Hotel in Fujairah From CAD 124 per night 7.9 Good 1,643 reviews Amazing and clean hotel. Very close to the beach and the city Show more Show less Renita Stanislaus United Arab Emirates Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Al Aqah Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Al Aqah, also popular with our guests! Hotels in Dibba Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in the United Arab Emirates Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels near Dubai International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Sharjah International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Fujairah Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels near Fujairah Mall Find the perfect hotel in Fujairah with Fujairah Mall right on your doorstep. Flights from London to Fujairah Find and compare the best flights. Hotels in Dubai Discover another destination in the United Arab Emirates. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Fujairah Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870380|3,1846890,1866460,1847760,1870380,1870380|5,1833870,1847760|3