The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Kamloops, Canada - Kamloops hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Kamloops Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Kamloops hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada British Columbia Kamloops Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Kamloops – 43 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Riverland Inn & Suites Hotel in Kamloops Nestled next to South Thompson River, this waterfront property in Kamloops offers mountain views and an indoor pool. Rooms at Riverland Inn & Suites feature a 32" flat-screen cable TVs. Show more 6.7 Pleasant 1,610 reviews Price fromCAD 74.40per night Check availability Delta Hotels by Marriott Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Featuring an rooftop outdoor pool, bar, and hot tub, Delta Hotels Kamloops offers modern rooms with free WiFi, a restaurant and a full-service business center. Show more 8.3 Very good 295 reviews Price fromCAD 175per night Check availability Wingate by Wyndham Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Wingate by Wyndham Kamloops is located in Kamloops, 2.5 km from Thompson Rivers University and 19 km from The Dunes at Kamloops Golf Course. Show more 8.2 Very good 2,419 reviews Price fromCAD 130.90per night Check availability Holiday Inn Hotel and Suites-Kamloops, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Kamloops Featuring an indoor pool, the Holiday Inn Hotel and Suites-Kamloops is located only 6 km from Thompson Rivers University. The property provides an on-site restaurant and bar. Free WiFi is available. Show more 8.2 Very good 327 reviews Price fromCAD 139.40per night Check availability Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Kamloops offers accommodation in Kamloops. The hotel has a terrace and fitness centre, and guests can enjoy a drink at the snack bar. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 262 reviews Price fromCAD 152per night Check availability South Thompson Inn & Conference Centre Hotel in Kamloops Set on 55 acres of countryside surrounded by mountains and the South Thompson River, this Kamloops hotel features mountain bike and hiking trails. Show more 8.1 Very good 381 reviews Price fromCAD 184per night Check availability Best Western Plus Kamloops Hotel Hotel in Kamloops Located in Kamloops, less than 1 km from Thompson Rivers University, Best Western Plus Kamloops Hotel provides express check-in and check-out and free WiFi. Show more 8.1 Very good 167 reviews Price fromCAD 162.32per night Check availability Accent Inns Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops This hotel is located 5 minutes' drive from Thompson Rivers University and just 7 minutes' drive from downtown Kamloops. A seasonal outdoor pool is available on site. Show more 8.0 Very good 315 reviews Price fromCAD 119per night Check availability Prestige Kamloops Hotel Hotel in Kamloops The Prestige Kamloops Hotel is the newest addition to the family-owned company’s collection of properties across BC. Show more 8.2 Very good 359 reviews Price fromCAD 181.95per night Check availability The Plaza Hotel a Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in Kamloops Located less than 10 minutes' walk from a beach, this restored historic hotel is located in the Kamloops city centre. A beer and wine shop is located on site. Free WiFi is provided. Show more 6.8 Pleasant 1,768 reviews Price fromCAD 80per night Check availability See all 46 hotels in Kamloops Cheapest time to stay in Kamloops In January you can stay in Kamloops for an average price of CA$112 per night CA$237CA$190CA$142CA$95CA$47CA$0 CA$112 Jan CA$129 Feb CA$128 Mar CA$138 Apr CA$179 May CA$160 Jun CA$175 Jul CA$181 Aug CA$162 Sep CA$121 Oct CA$123 Nov CA$118 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Kamloops in the past month See all Wingate by Wyndham Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 8.2 Very good · 2,420 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Kamloops On The Hill Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 7.6 Good · 608 reviews Coast Kamloops Hotel & Conference Centre Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 7.8 Good · 707 reviews The Plaza Hotel a Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 6.8 Pleasant · 1,768 reviews Scott's Inn & Suites Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 7.4 Good · 384 reviews Best Budget Inn & Suites Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 6.4 Pleasant · 778 reviews Ramada by Wyndham Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 6.1 Pleasant · 328 reviews Pacific Inn & Suites Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 7.3 Good · 1,077 reviews Hampton Inn by Hilton Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 7.9 Good · 897 reviews Quality Inn Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Popular with guests booking hotels in Kamloops 7.3 Good · 862 reviews Kamloops's best hotels with breakfast See all Travelodge by Wyndham Kamloops Mountview Hotel in Kamloops Breakfast options This British Columbia motel features a heated seasonal outdoor pool, and guest rooms with free Wi-Fi and cable TV. Kamloops Travelodge Mountview is 5 kilometres from Cascades Casinos. Great customer service. Always willing to help :) Avg. price/night: CAD 107.47 7.0 Good · 602 reviews Days Inn by Wyndham Kamloops BC Hotel in Kamloops Breakfast options This hotel is 15 km from Kamloops Airport and less than 1 km from the Trans-Canada Highway. All guest rooms include free Wi-Fi. Room was comfortable. Breakfast could be improved. Avg. price/night: CAD 117.33 6.6 Pleasant · 439 reviews Knights Inn Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Breakfast options Located 5 minutes from downtown Kamloops, British Columbia and 20 minutes from Kamloops Airport, this hotel features free WiFi in all guest rooms. Good deal. Comfortable. Clean. Breakfast included. Avg. price/night: CAD 103.36 6.4 Pleasant · 528 reviews Hampton Inn by Hilton Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Breakfast options Located 9 miles from Kamloops Airport, Hampton Inn by Hilton Kamloops features mountain views, a hot tub and indoor pool with a water slide. Rooms offer cable TV and free Wi-Fi. Pool/hot tub open late. Big TV in room. Free breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 127.19 7.9 Good · 897 reviews Ramada by Wyndham Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Breakfast options Situated in Kamloops, 1.3 km from Thompson Rivers University, Ramada by Wyndham Kamloops features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Good value/ good restaurant/ friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 97.61 6.1 Pleasant · 328 reviews Holiday Inn Express Kamloops, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Kamloops Breakfast options Located off Highway 1, Holiday Inn Express Kamloops features a fitness centre, indoor pool and a hot tub. Free WiFi and cable TV are provided in each guest room. Great breakfast and location was ideal for a Traveller. Avg. price/night: CAD 166 7.3 Good · 674 reviews Residence & Conference Centre - Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Breakfast options This hotel alternative accommodations option, offers beautiful views of the Thompson River and is located at Thompson Rivers University. Free WiFi and wired internet are available. It's part of Thompson River University facilities 7.0 Good · 229 reviews Budget hotels in Kamloops See all Pacific Inn & Suites Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Budget Hotel This Kamloops hotel offers a daily continental breakfast and an on-site restaurant. Free WiFi is available throughout the property. Aberdeen Mall, coffee shops, and restaurants are 1 km away. Perfect for short stay when travelling across country Avg. price/night: CAD 103.24 7.3 Good · 1,077 reviews The Plaza Hotel a Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in Kamloops Budget Hotel Located less than 10 minutes' walk from a beach, this restored historic hotel is located in the Kamloops city centre. A beer and wine shop is located on site. Free WiFi is provided. Great location, close to everything. Friendly staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 92.80 6.8 Pleasant · 1,768 reviews The Hue Hotel, Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel in Kamloops Budget Hotel The Hue Hotel, Ascend Hotel Collection is situated in Kamloops, 20 km from The Dunes at Kamloops Golf Course and 24 km from British Columbia Wildlife Park. . Room is spacious and very comfortable and quiet Avg. price/night: CAD 156.60 7.2 Good · 314 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton - Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Budget Hotel Featuring a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and an onsite restaurant, this Kamloops hotel offers rooms with free WiFi and a flat-screen cable TV. Mount Paul golf course is 5 minutes’ drive away. Comfy beds, strong AC. Clean room. Great location. Avg. price/night: CAD 166.63 7.1 Good · 432 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Kamloops On The Hill Hotel in Kamloops Budget Hotel Located off the Trans-Canada Highway, this hotel offers a daily continental breakfast and free Wi-Fi. On-site fitness centre. Aberdeen Mall is just 1 km away. Some fresh fruit for breakfast would have been nice Avg. price/night: CAD 108.58 7.6 Good · 608 reviews Rodeway Inn & Suites Hotel in Kamloops Budget Hotel Located off Exit 368 on Highway 1, this motel is next door to Kamloops Convention Center. It features free Wi-Fi and pet friendly guest rooms. Continental breakfast is included. Very good bed, fridge, coffee maker and a superb breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 87.75 6.2 Pleasant · 361 reviews Quality Inn Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Budget Hotel This Quality Inn is near the many national and provincial parks and trails in scenic Kamloops, British Columbia. The inn has a seasonal outdoor pool and a hot tub. Very clean and well equipped Hotel,with friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 102.52 7.3 Good · 862 reviews Best Budget Inn & Suites Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Budget Hotel Located on the Trans-Canada Highway and offers views of the surrounding hills. WiFi is available throughout the hotel. This place was decent, clean, and worth the money. Avg. price/night: CAD 78.88 6.4 Pleasant · 778 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Kamloops See all Coast Kamloops Hotel & Conference Centre Hotel in Kamloops Central location Offering an indoor pool, Coast Kamloops Hotel & Conference Centre is 3 miles from Kamloops and 15 miles from the Dunes Golf Course. The staff was courteous, helpful and knowledgeable. Avg. price/night: CAD 178.64 7.8 Good · 707 reviews Best Western Premier Aberdeen Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Central location This elegant Best Western Premier hotel features an indoor pool and a fitness centre. It is 3 km from Thompsons River University in Kamloops, and provides free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel. No breakfast, that was a let down. Otherwise good. Avg. price/night: CAD 196.04 7.6 Good · 149 reviews Scott's Inn & Suites Hotel in Kamloops Central location This inn offers a free Wi-Fi. Situated near the Thompson River, it is a 20-minute drive to Kamloops Wildlife Park. Rooms at Scott’s Inn are equipped with a coffee maker, refrigerator and a microwave. Great location, great restaurant and great service Avg. price/night: CAD 130.94 7.4 Good · 384 reviews Sandman Signature Kamloops Hotel Hotel in Kamloops Central location Located in Kamloops, Sandman Signature Kamloops Hotel offers guest rooms complete with a microwave and a refrigerator. Free WiFi is provided. Sandman Centre is 220 metres away. I liked Moxies being so close for dinner, no driving. Avg. price/night: CAD 184.22 7.2 Good · 525 reviews Travelodge by Wyndham Kamloops Hotel in Kamloops Central location Located in Kamloops, British Columbia, this hotel is 3 kilometres off the Trans-Canada Highway and boasts an indoor pool and hot tub. The Kamloops Heritage Railway is 7 minutes’ drive away. Super nice and helpful concierge and spacious rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 155.56 6.6 Pleasant · 213 reviews Motel 6-Kamloops, BC Hotel in Kamloops Central location This Kamloops motel offers views of the Monashee Mountains and free WiFi. Downtown Kamloops is within a 5-minute drive of the motel. Free on-site parking is also available. Close proximity to everything, pet friendly new rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 92.79 3.9 Poor · 181 reviews FAQs about hotels in Kamloops Which hotels in Kamloops are good for families? Many families visiting Kamloops loved staying at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Kamloops, Prestige Kamloops Hotel and South Thompson Inn & Conference Centre. What are the best hotels to stay in Kamloops? Wingate by Wyndham Kamloops, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Kamloops and Delta Hotels by Marriott Kamloops are some of the popular hotels in Kamloops. What hotels in Kamloops offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Kamloops that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Kamloops, Delta Hotels by Marriott Kamloops and Best Western Plus Kamloops Hotel. What hotels in Kamloops are good for couples? These hotels in Kamloops are highly rated by couples: Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Kamloops, Holiday Inn Hotel and Suites-Kamloops, an IHG Hotel and Wingate by Wyndham Kamloops. What hotels in Kamloops have nice views? South Thompson Inn & Conference Centre, Best Western Plus Kamloops Hotel and Holiday Inn Hotel and Suites-Kamloops, an IHG Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Kamloops regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Kamloops: 10 Great hotel and staff in good location in Kamloops. Great hotel and staff in good location in Kamloops. The rooms are spacious and well equipped and very clean. Also the added bonus of breakfast which was very good. Overall an excellent stay and would highly recommended. Roy United Kingdom 2.0 I had a problem with my travel and was not able to arrive at... I had a problem with my travel and was not able to arrive at the hotel. I contacted the hotel for several times but the customer service was terrible. I requested to cancel my reservation but the hotel didn't solve the problem and did not even contacted me back. Just waste of time and money. The worst for me is the lack of respect with the customer. Barquette Canada 2.0 I had major surgery on my shoulder at the hospital in... I had major surgery on my shoulder at the hospital in Kamloops. I booked The Plaza because it was rated a 4 star hotel. It barely made a two star. We asked for extra blankets and pillows so I could be propped up in bed as per doctor's instructions, and they told us they didn't think they could accommodate us. My husband asked again and finally they brought us extra. They ran out of bacon and eggs early in the morning just after breakfast started, and didn't have trays for us to use for my husband to bring up breakfast for me. They were very unhelpful and not engaging. The hotel is generally dirty. Two other guests had their car vandalized in the night although you are charged a parking fee. People were actively intoxicated on the street in front of the hotel. I am quite angry that this hotel was rated a 4 star. If I would have known it was this bad, I would have paid much less and rented a three star hotel! Don't go there! I was charged like it was a 4 star hotel, well over $500.00 for 2 nights. My advice is to find a different place to stay. Donna Canada 6.0 · The continental breakfast was very good. · The continental breakfast was very good. Lots of choices and very clean.One of the best we had on this trip. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the beds were comfortable. The location was perfect. We didn't have to search for anything. The Motel is very dated and needs a total facelift. Thankfully the beds and bedding were new and comfortable. The parking situation is very problematic on the back side of the building (across from room 134) The concrete parking pylons are angled in an awkward way for the passenger in the vehicle. When I got out of the car with items in my arms, I turned and immediately tripped over the pylon for the car on my right. It was right beside our vehicles back door, in front of me.I took a face plant onto the concrete and had a huge bump on my head, a bloody nose and lots of scrapes on my face. This needs to be addressed before someone gets more seriously hurt. Vietnam 6.0 The smoke from the wildfires near the town made walking the... The smoke from the wildfires near the town made walking the streets uncomfortable. It was Pow Wow time so we spent a wonderful 2 days there enjoying wonderful hospitality from the Kamloopa First Nations. I highly recommend a visit next year as it is moving to June when it should be cooler and not so many wildfires. Daniel Spain 8.0 When I booked the room for 2 nights I was sent a... When I booked the room for 2 nights I was sent a confirmation showing the total price as $388.69 incl. tax. When I checked out my billl was 406.61. When I asked about it I was told because on of my stays was on a Sat. night I was charged $45 extra plus $16 for parking in an unsecured lot 1 block away. This is misleading and I think I should be compensated. Al Explore guest reviews of hotels in Kamloops See all Hampton Inn by Hilton Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 127.19 per night 7.9 Good · 897 reviews A very nice, reasonably priced hotel for travellers passing through Kamloops (or perhaps visiting for a bit). The staff were very friendly and professional, and were very flexible as we had a room that was ice-cold due to enthusiastic airconditioning, and they moved us immediately with no fuss. The room we got was spacious and comfortable. If we weren't just driving through we would have tried the pool :) Gunhild Norway Howard Johnson by Wyndham Downtown Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 86.72 per night 6.7 Pleasant · 1,707 reviews I was very pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The pictures online make it look pretty dumpy but once we got there we noticed how incredibly clean it was. The front desk person who checked us in was very friendly. The beds were comfy. Our room was very small but who really cares about that. The location is very convenient too. I will book here again on our way through Kamloops. Catherine Canada Prestige Kamloops Hotel Kamloops From CAD 211.06 per night 8.2 Very good · 359 reviews Definitely recommend!! Very please with my stay! Front desk staff were friendly and helpful. The room was a comfortable size, newly updated (bathroom too) and well laid out. I had a fantastic sleep in a very comfortable bed. Overall it was an extremely relaxing experience!! I will definitely choose the Prestige Hotel in Kamloops the next time I travel to Kamloops. April Ginny Canada Days Inn by Wyndham Kamloops BC Kamloops From CAD 117.33 per night 6.6 Pleasant · 439 reviews Staff was super friendly and accommodating. Gorgeous view of the river from our room. Pool and hot tub were fun for the fam. Bring some toys or floaties for the pool for an exceptionally fun time. Hotel was quiet. View was nice. Breakfast was a decent continental with a great view and balcony. Pet friendly for $20. Amy Canada Hampton Inn by Hilton Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 127.19 per night 7.9 Good · 897 reviews This hotel is well located for the car traveller being a couple of minutes off the Highway 1. The staff checking us in were friendly. The room was comfortable and the overall specification is middle of the road. Not fancy but not crappy either. There were plenty of free parking spots. Geoffrey New Zealand The Ranchland Inn Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 87.75 per night 7.2 Good · 1,205 reviews The folks -- family -- running the hotel were lovely! The breakfast and coffee were appreciated to. We also appreciated attention to COVID guidelines. Super easy to get to, and great location. Really appreciated they are pet friendly and that our room was on the ground floor. Peggy Canada Delta Hotels by Marriott Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 203 per night 8.3 Very good · 295 reviews Extremely nice chain hotel in the very centre of Kamloops. It's recently been refurbished and I was very pleasantly surprised. The room itself was great with an extremely large and comfortable bed. Having stayed in many chain hotels this is one of the better ones. Adam United Kingdom Quality Inn Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 102.52 per night 7.3 Good · 862 reviews The hotel is lovely in a great location for people travelling through Kamloops or there for a short stay. The staff are helpful, great breakfast, free parking and worked really well for travelling with our dog too. Pauline Canada Travelodge by Wyndham Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 155.56 per night 6.6 Pleasant · 213 reviews Excellent location. Walking distance to Royal Inland Hospital and downtown Kamloops. Also, Denny’s is within walking distance. Lots of parking area. Staff are very respectful and accommodating. HELEN Canada Sandman Signature Kamloops Hotel Kamloops From CAD 184.22 per night 7.2 Good · 525 reviews We only stayed one night passing through. The room was nice and had a view of the park next to the rivers which we really enjoyed visiting. I would stay at this hotel again! DivetheWorldtoo United States Ramada by Wyndham Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 97.61 per night 6.1 Pleasant · 328 reviews It was great value and it's in an awesome location. Exactly what you expect from a 3 star hotel for a little over a hundred bucks. The only place I stay in Kamloops A Alan Canada The Thompson Hotel Kamloops From CAD 162.40 per night 7.7 Good · 1,090 reviews Free hotel parking, good restaurant nearby, friendly and helpful staffs, good value, there is even a Curling practice studio next door!😄 Vicky United States Howard Johnson by Wyndham Downtown Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 86.72 per night 6.7 Pleasant · 1,707 reviews Great location in downtown close to the shops and restaurants. Great room, mattress very confortable, quiet and clean LAETITIA France Grandview Motel Kamloops From CAD 92.80 per night 7.8 Good · 502 reviews Had an appointment at the hospital till late. Great location and quiet for downtown. Definitely stay again Sharon Canada Wingate by Wyndham Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 151.84 per night 8.2 Very good · 2,420 reviews Location is nothing special. Rooms are clean and hotel as a whole seems clean as well. Kyle Canada Best Western Premier Aberdeen Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 196.04 per night 7.6 Good · 149 reviews the staff was amazing probably one of the best hotels i have checked into Brent Canada Ramada by Wyndham Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 97.61 per night 6.1 Pleasant · 328 reviews There is nothing to be liked, other than the location of the hotel ahmed Canada Sandman Inn Kamloops Kamloops From CAD 154.28 per night 6.4 Pleasant · 148 reviews Ac worked well, good location to downtown and staff were nice. S Sam Canada The Plaza Hotel a Trademark Collection by Wyndham Kamloops From CAD 92.80 per night 6.8 Pleasant · 1,768 reviews The character of the hotel. It is quaint and very beautiful. Dr. Mineko Canada The Plaza Hotel a Trademark Collection by Wyndham Kamloops From CAD 92.80 per night 6.8 Pleasant · 1,768 reviews Downtown location, complementary beverage. Kailash Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Kamloops Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Hotels in Vancouver Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Banff Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels near Kangaroo Creek Farm Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Car hire in Kamloops Hire a car and hit the road. Flights from London to Kamloops Find and compare the best flights. Hotels near Thompson Rivers University Find the perfect hotel in Kamloops with Thompson Rivers University right on your doorstep. Hotels in Vernon Find more hotels in a city close to Vernon. Hotels in Salmon Arm Find more hotels in a city close to Salmon Arm. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Kamloops Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1847760,1870380|5,1871440,1846890,1870380,1847760|3,1870380|3,1866460