The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Barcelona, Spain - Barcelona hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Barcelona Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Barcelona hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Spain Catalonia Barcelona Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Barcelona – 927 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Sallés Hotel Pere IV Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Pere IV is situated in the Poble Nou District, 10 minutes’ walk from the lively Port Olimpic area and Barcelona's beaches. This hotel features a free spa, free Wi-Fi and 24-hour reception. Show more 8.1 Very good 7,952 reviews Price fromCAD 168.43per night Check availability Travelodge Barcelona Poblenou Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona This modern hotel has 250 spacious and fully equipped rooms, a Snack-Bar open 24 hours where clients can enjoy a buffet breakfast, as well as light meals for lunch and dinner. Show more 7.3 Good 8,962 reviews Price fromCAD 87.78per night Check availability Hotel Barcelona Center Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Barcelona Center is 400 metres from Barcelona’s Passeig de Gràcia Avenue, and a 15-minute walk from Plaza Catalunya. Guests have free access to the small gym and rooftop hydromassage tub. 8.6 Fabulous 8,068 reviews Price fromCAD 237.27per night Check availability Sercotel Hotel Rosellon Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Located 300 metres from Sagrada Familia, Sercotel Hotel Rosellon offers 4-star accommodation in Barcelona and features a bar. Show more 8.4 Very good 6,837 reviews Price fromCAD 171.36per night Check availability Hotel Lloret Ramblas Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona Hotel Lloret Ramblas is situated on Barcelona’s famous Las Ramblas, just outside Plaza Catalunya Square. Show more 8.0 Very good 8,095 reviews Price fromCAD 80.55per night Check availability Cram Hotel Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Hotel Cram Hotel is set in Barcelona’s central Eixample district, a 10-minute walk from Plaza Catalunya. Show more 8.3 Very good 3,061 reviews Price fromCAD 123.38per night Check availability NH Collection Barcelona Podium Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona NH Collection Barcelona Pódium offers stylish, modern accommodation in a quiet area of central Barcelona. It has free WiFi, a sauna, gym and roof terrace with swimming pool and city views. Show more 8.5 Very good 3,078 reviews Price fromCAD 168.45per night Check availability Best Western Plus Hotel Alfa Aeropuerto Hotel in Sants-Montjuïc, Barcelona Best Western Alfa Aeropuerto offers free airport shuttle service (please check the schedules), a heated pool and free Wi-Fi. Show more 8.4 Very good 3,423 reviews Price fromCAD 166.97per night Check availability Leonardo Hotel Barcelona Gran Via Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona This spacious and modern hotel is located in Eixample district, built in 2004, the Leonardo Hotel Barcelona Gran Via, features wide-open public spaces covered in marble. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 4,748 reviews Price fromCAD 117.32per night Check availability Ibis Barcelona Plaza Glòries 22@ Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Ibis Barcelona Plaza Glòries 22@ is located in Barcelona’s Glòries district, 500 metres from Torre Agbar. It offers a fitness centre, 24-hour bar and soundproofed rooms with a flat-screen TV. Show more 8.3 Very good 4,106 reviews Price fromCAD 106.77per night Check availability See all 1868 hotels in Barcelona Most booked hotels in Barcelona in the past month See all Catalonia Sagrada Familia Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 8.2 Very good · 7,343 reviews Sallés Hotel Pere IV Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 8.1 Very good · 7,952 reviews Travelodge Barcelona Poblenou Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 7.3 Good · 8,962 reviews Acta Voraport Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 8.7 Fabulous · 12,332 reviews Catalonia Atenas Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 8.1 Very good · 7,398 reviews Motel One Barcelona-Ciutadella Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 8.8 Fabulous · 7,766 reviews Catalonia Park Putxet Hotel in Sarrià-St. Gervasi, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 7.8 Good · 3,864 reviews Vincci Maritimo Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 8.3 Very good · 4,942 reviews Catalonia Park Güell Hotel in Gràcia, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 7.7 Good · 4,779 reviews Hotel Lloret Ramblas Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona Popular with guests booking hotels in Barcelona 8.0 Very good · 8,098 reviews Barcelona's best hotels with breakfast See all Catalonia Magdalenes Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona Breakfast options Catalonia Magdalenes Hotel is set in Barcelona, 200 metres from the Cathedral of Barcelona and offers a terrace with an outdoor pool with views of the Cathedral and a spa. Very nice location, quite street in the city centre Avg. price/night: CAD 219.70 9.1 Superb · 1,770 reviews Monument Hotel Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Breakfast options Located on the fashionable Paseo de Gracia, within 5 minutes’ walk from both Gaudi’s masterpieces Casa Battló and La Pedrera, Monument Hotel offers luxury services including a gourmet restaurant and a... The staff were amazing and the hotel was beautiful. Avg. price/night: CAD 648.83 9.2 Superb · 1,162 reviews Ohla Eixample Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Breakfast options Offering a year-round outdoor pool with city views, Ohla Eixample is a stylish boutique hotel located 10 minutes’ walk from two of Gaudi’s major works, La Pedrera and Casa Batlló. Excellent size suite, great location, lovely staff Avg. price/night: CAD 452.57 9.0 Superb · 1,901 reviews Yurbban Trafalgar Hotel Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona Breakfast options Yurbban Trafalgar Hotel features a rooftop terrace with a pool providing 360 degree panoramic views of Barcelona. The hotel is located just 300 metres from Urquinaona Metro Station. The location, friendly staff and the rooftop bar were fantastic. Avg. price/night: CAD 166.97 9.2 Superb · 1,148 reviews Catalonia Square 4* Sup Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Breakfast options Featuring an outdoor pool and a fitness centre, Catalonia Square is located in Barcelona’s historic centre. Location, breakfast, cleanliness, bedroom everything Avg. price/night: CAD 234.34 9.0 Superb · 1,863 reviews Olivia Balmes Hotel Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Breakfast options Offering an outdoor swimming pool, Olivia Balmes Hotel is set 400 metres from Barcelona’s Passeig de Gracia, in the elegant Eixample neighbourhood. Clean, comfortable , location, staff were amazing Avg. price/night: CAD 237.27 9.1 Superb · 1,983 reviews Catalonia Passeig de Gràcia 4* Sup Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Breakfast options Located next to Barcelona’s Passeig de Gracia Boulevard, Catalonia Passeig de Gràcia 4* Sup offers an outdoor pool, a free gym, a terrace, free Wi-Fi and paid private parking. Fantastic hotel with fantastic staff. Central location. Avg. price/night: CAD 219.70 9.0 Superb · 2,721 reviews Musik Boutique Hotel Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona Breakfast options This modern hotel is centrally located 5 minutes’ walk from Barcelona’s Urquinaona Metro Station and 400 metres from the Palau de la Musica. It offers 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. location, staff, cleaning service, breakfast, service Avg. price/night: CAD 130.50 9.1 Superb · 1,501 reviews Budget hotels in Barcelona See all limehome Barcelona Carrer de Besalú 82 Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Budget Hotel 3.5 km from La Pedrera, limehome Barcelona Carrer de Besalú 82 is set in Barcelona and provides free WiFi and express check-in and check-out. The rooms and place are great, loved the key less self service Avg. price/night: CAD 202.12 9.0 Superb · 627 reviews HOSTAL BEDMATES Hotel in Sants-Montjuïc, Barcelona Budget Hotel Attractively set in the Sants-Montjuïc district of Barcelona, HOSTAL BEDMATES is situated 2.9 km from Sant Miquel Beach, 2.9 km from Somorrostro Beach and 2.9 km from Barceloneta Beach. Very comfortable beds and super service. Thank you 😊 Avg. price/night: CAD 88.32 8.1 Very good · 1,961 reviews Leonardo Royal Hotel Barcelona Fira Hotel in Sants-Montjuïc, Barcelona Budget Hotel Situated in Barcelona, 1.5 km from Palau Sant Jordi, Leonardo Royal Hotel Barcelona Fira features air-conditioned accommodation and a bar. Hotel, staff first class. Accommodation excellent. Avg. price/night: CAD 117.32 8.7 Fabulous · 4,815 reviews Motel One Barcelona-Ciutadella Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Budget Hotel Set in Barcelona’s Born District, right beside Ciutadella Park, Motel One Barcelona-Ciutadella offers modern, air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom and an interactive TV. Lovely place to stay and very nice and helofull staff Avg. price/night: CAD 130.35 8.8 Fabulous · 7,766 reviews Ibis Barcelona Centro (Sagrada Familia) Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Budget Hotel Located in Barcelona, 2.7 km from Somorrostro Beach, Ibis Barcelona Centro (Sagrada Familia) provides accommodation with a bar, private parking and a shared lounge. Good stay with walking distance to sagrada familia Avg. price/night: CAD 122.44 8.4 Very good · 2,245 reviews Hotel SB Glow Sup Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Budget Hotel Situated in Barcelona, 1.8 km from Bogatell Beach, Hotel SB Glow Sup features accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, private parking, a fitness centre and a shared lounge. The rooftop it’s best part of the hotel! The view is stunning! Avg. price/night: CAD 120.10 8.1 Very good · 4,869 reviews ibis Styles Barcelona City Bogatell Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona Budget Hotel Located in Barcelona, 900 metres from Port Olympic, ibis Styles Barcelona City Bogatell features private parking and free WiFi access. Amazing, amazing, amazing! Would definitely come back! Avg. price/night: CAD 130.72 8.5 Very good · 4,950 reviews Hotel BESTPRICE Gracia Hotel in Gràcia, Barcelona Budget Hotel Located in Barcelona’s Gracia District, Hotel BESTPRICE Gracia is located 450 metres from Joanic Metro Station. It offers modern, air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Staff were really friendly and the room was clean!! Avg. price/night: CAD 131.82 8.7 Fabulous · 2,883 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Barcelona See all Casa Camper Barcelona Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona Central location The stylish Casa Camper Barcelona boutique hotel is located in central Barcelona, between Las Ramblas and MACBA art gallery. Each room has a separate lounge, and there is a free 24-hour buffet. Good staff & location. Very nice food with lounge bar. Avg. price/night: CAD 257.78 9.5 Exceptional · 1,219 reviews Olivia Plaza Hotel Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona Central location Situated on Plaza Catalunya in the centre of Barcelona, the Hotel Olivia Plaza offers free Wi-Fi and a terrace bar with views of Santa Ana Church. Stylish rooms include a flat-screen TV. everything was nice they care about their guests so much Avg. price/night: CAD 263.63 9.3 Superb · 3,122 reviews Room Mate Pau Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Central location Room Mate Pau is set 50 metres from the emblematic Plaza Catalunya. It offers a stylish décor and a terrace and bright, contemporary rooms with free Wi-Fi. Right in the centre of the city. Perfect location! Avg. price/night: CAD 181.91 9.2 Superb · 2,883 reviews Hotel Omnium Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Central location Set in Barcelona, 2.1 km from Somorrostro Beach, Hotel Omnium offers accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking and a terrace. Spotlessly clean and amazing staff. Great location too. 9.2 Superb · 1,861 reviews Hotel Granvia Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Central location Granvia is set in an impressive 19th-century building, 100 metres from the shops and restaurants of Passeig de Gràcia. This luxurious hotel has free WiFi and a terrace. Location! beautiful building, nice breakfast spread. Avg. price/night: CAD 171.36 9.0 Superb · 2,141 reviews Hotel Jazz Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Central location The stylish Hotel Jazz is located 2 minutes’ walk from Plaza Catalunya in the centre of Barcelona. It features a rooftop pool and terrace with views over the city. Great roof top bar, wonderful big room, great location Avg. price/night: CAD 250.45 9.0 Superb · 3,372 reviews Hotel 1898 Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona Central location Situated on Barcelona’s famous La Rambla, this restored 19th-century building features a rooftop pool with a sun terrace. The elegant rooms include free Wi-Fi and a marble bathroom. Excellent location, wonderful hotel, friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 237.27 9.0 Superb · 3,313 reviews Hotel Pulitzer Barcelona Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona Central location This design hotel is right next to Plaza Catalunya in the centre of Barcelona. It has a rooftop garden terrace and offers free high-speed WiFi. centrally located, clean and aesthetically pleasing Avg. price/night: CAD 196.41 8.9 Fabulous · 1,525 reviews FAQs about hotels in Barcelona How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Barcelona? On average, 3-star hotels in Barcelona cost CAD 294 per night, and 4-star hotels in Barcelona are CAD 350 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Barcelona can on average be found for CAD 706 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Barcelona for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Barcelona this weekend is CAD 244 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 265. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Barcelona for this weekend cost on average around CAD 463 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Barcelona for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 134 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Barcelona for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 179 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Barcelona will cost around CAD 447 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Barcelona are good for families? Many families visiting Barcelona loved staying at Sansi Pedralbes, Hotel Neri – Relais & Chateaux and Serras Barcelona. What are the best hotels in Barcelona near Camp Nou? Some of the best hotels in Barcelona near Camp Nou include Onefam Les Corts, Hotel SOFIA Barcelona, in The Unbound Collection by Hyatt and Barcelona Touch Apartments. What are the best hotels in Barcelona near Barcelona El Prat Airport? Travellers who stayed in Barcelona near Barcelona El Prat Airport (BCN) have said good things about Hotel Barcelona Aeropuerto, affiliated by Meliá, BAH Barcelona Airport Hotel and Salles Ciutat del Prat Barcelona Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Barcelona? Casa Camper Barcelona, Yurbban Ramblas Boutique Hotel and H10 Madison 4* Sup are some of the popular hotels in Barcelona. What hotels in Barcelona offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Barcelona that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Catalonia Magdalenes, Yurbban Trafalgar Hotel and Sixtytwo Hotel. What hotels in Barcelona are good for couples? These hotels in Barcelona are highly rated by couples: Casa Camper Barcelona, Hotel El Palace Barcelona and Hotel Omnium. What hotels in Barcelona have nice views? Olivia Plaza Hotel, H10 Casa Mimosa 4* Sup and Casa Camper Barcelona have received great reviews from travellers in Barcelona regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Vibrant and Colourful Barcelona Lively and colourful Barcelona faces the Mediterranean Sea and features the world's top city beaches, including Sant Sebastià, Barceloneta and Somorrostro beaches. There is plenty to see and experience in this city of great architecture: the historic Gothic Quarter, the amazing modernist design of Gaudi’s creations and the popular Las Ramblas. Barcelona is famous for its street performances, colourful markets and great Catalan dining. Easy to explore on foot or using the reliable metro, the city is full of things to do and views to see! Discover the hidden squares and architectural pearls of Ciutat Vella and visit the locals’ favourite meeting spot, La Plaça Catalunya. Wander the sunny beachfront or watch an FC Barcelona game at Camp Nou, the largest stadium in Europe. The city’s most popular food quarter is Barceloneta with plenty of popular restaurants serving seafood and tapas. If it’s shopping you’re after, visit the Grácia and return to the Ciutat Vella for small shops full genuine souvenirs, designer fashion and fresh produce. Getting to Barcelona is an easy trip from El Prat International, Girona or Reus Airports. Find modern hotels, fancy apartments and cheap hostels on Booking.com, sure to have the perfect accommodation for your holiday! Learn more about visiting Barcelona 1009 attractions 110 points of interest 26 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Barcelona: 8.0 Barcelona is not the place it once was when I visited... Barcelona is not the place it once was when I visited regularly over 15 years ago. Honestly, I'd hate to be there in the Summer. For example, the area around the Sagradia Familia is truly appalling for this world class site and is totally given over to the lowest common denominator tourist tat which ruined it for us. Think London's Piccadilly on steroids. The City also needs to up its game in terms of signing for pedestrians - there's very little and this is generally not helpful. The city itself, however is remarkably clean and puts British cities like London and Manchester to shame. So ten out of ten for that. My biggest beef however was the 'free' entry to the The Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya. You book a ticket to 'avoid queues' and guess what? You still have to queue and for a very long time. If you haven't got a ticket and you want to take pot luck, after all you're feeling fancy free and you're on holiday, you'll have to wait until the never ending line of ticket holders is batch fed in with no indication of when second class non-ticket holders are ever getting across the threshold. After 30 minutes we gave up. A total shambles and you can't help but think that the queues make it artificially busy. It's still a great city though and you'll always have a good time. The Metro is incredibly practical and easy to work out and you can get wherever you want for around just £2 a trip. However overall, in my opinion Barcelona has lost a considerable bit of its magic and good vibe which limits its appeal for repeat visits... maybe in another 15 years. Geoff Royle United Kingdom 10 Barcelona is love at first sight... you can't resist it... Barcelona is love at first sight... you can't resist it... It's true magic to get lost in the Gothic quarter... it has its own sweetness too... trust me it will reward you with sights from another era. .. Transportation is easy and accessible wherever you are... you won't struggle at all... Their food is excellent... prefer the small shops inside the market and also on La Rampla... all of them are amazing as to foreigners... Favorite places the hill of Montjuïc... prefer the time when the sun goes to sleep... incredible colors... and then a nice walk in Barceloneta... it's love... Katerina-Katia 8.0 Sagrada Familia was impressive - booked fast track access... Sagrada Familia was impressive - booked fast track access with guide and it was the right amount of info and time. Also booked Park Guell the day before - people were unable to get in on the day, so good to book in advance as it's a bit of a hike to get there. It's a bigger park/garden than expected - not just the area with tiled buildings and walkways - so allow time to walk around. 48 hour metro ticket was good value and got us out to airport on last day as well as around the city and on a quick trip to the beach. Peter Jersey 8.0 Barcelona is a lovely city to walk around in. Barcelona is a lovely city to walk around in. This was my second time in the city for a work conference. I stayed in the Les Court neighborhood, and walked to many places, then used public transport to return. There are a number of different eating options no matter where you are. I had a great vegan meal at the Cat Bar, which offered a cactus burger. It was very good. Juana United States 10 Always a great place to visit, you never get enough of the... Always a great place to visit, you never get enough of the city, the most city with vibes in Europe in my opinion vs a bunch of Respectible Cities, lively on the 24 hrs places to vist , sagrada familia / Park Guill you can forget about taxi , but still Sheryzaid Egypt 10 Absolutely LOVED Barcelona. Absolutely LOVED Barcelona. First time there and will definitely return. We enjoyed mixing some tours with some do your own thing time. Also visiting outside the city to Montserrat and to Girona and Costa Brava. Such a beautiful area! selective_susan United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Barcelona See all El Avenida Palace Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona From CAD 185 per night 8.5 Very good 6,092 reviews The staff of this hotel are top notch...they are extremely attentive and responsive. Currently the restaurant and fitness center are closed due to Covid, but we were told that these would resume operation next month as well as the outdoor pool and rooftop bar. Our room was the best for 4 adults (all women) traveling together. The baths were spacious and meticulously clean. The location couldn't be better...everything is pretty much within walking distance. We traveled from Madrid to Barcelona by train...seamlessly in 2.5 hours. Show more Show less Susan United States Central and Basic Solarium HOSTEL Ciutat Vella, Barcelona From CAD 55 per night 7.4 Good 2,141 reviews Location is very good , 3 min. from La Rumbla, few minutes from Metro . pure center, rum is good , but not expect a 5 star hotel. Room has everything you need , and was clean, big enough, and I sleep like a baby. Street was noisy , but what can you expect in center of Barcelona :).I was suprised , but you get towels for showering , could change every day , and room is cleaned every day . sooo great. Stuff are great. They help you with everything you need. for the price you pay , I give 9/10. Thanks again, I have a great time Show more Show less Bostjan Slovenia Hotel Soho Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona From CAD 100 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,620 reviews The hotel is near the city center and all public transportation stations, including subway, bus and airport bus. It’s really convenient and safe. All places are super clean, modern and good-smell. The breakfast is so good that you can have everything you want as a buffet! All the staff are really friendly and kind. It was a heavy rainy day and the reception gave us a umbrella for free. Thanks a million! I’d like to recommend to anyone who wants to book a place in Barcelona! It’s worth it! Show more Show less Chen Ireland Capri by Fraser Barcelona Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona From CAD 130 per night 8.5 Very good 3,000 reviews Almost a perfect hotel. My family flight was very early, we arrived Barcelona at 7:00am, the hotel allowed our family to early check-in! Which was super nice. The hotel was located in a residential area, I went to Sagrada Famila by walking 20-25mins, the subway was 5-7min walking. Then you could access to any place. I could also use the laundry room, which is so helpful because my family trip will be 2 weeks in Spain. The room was also quite big, you will have enough space to use.😆 Show more Show less LIMIN United States May Ramblas Hotel Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona From CAD 73 per night 7.8 Good 4,443 reviews Review of May ramblas hotel Barcelona Spain. Monday 09.01.23- Wednesday 11.01.23: Central location. Room 604 with view of back of building. Compact room chosen but quiet and nice shower in bathroom. Friendly staff. Always helpful. Free WiFi and bag storage. No breakfast option available. Very close to la ramblas. Coffee and food spots in Barcelona Spain 🇪🇸: El Ray de Istanbul near la ramblas Gelatiamo near la ramblas Roxyfocasseriacafe la ramblas Lavassio Marmagnum mall Show more Show less Hava Haffejee South Africa Sansi Pedralbes Hotel in Les Corts, Barcelona From CAD 286 per night 9.6 Exceptional 543 reviews Sara and her staff are wonderful; they treat you like family! Hotel is located in a beautiful, quiet neighborhood near the lovely Monastery Pedralbes on western edge of city. Rooms are tasteful and comfortable. Mini-bar selection was well thought-out. Breakfast items were fresh and delicious. Easy access to the road to/from Barcelona airport. Also a great choice if you’re a runner - there’s a path close by that follows the top of a hill, with great views of city. Show more Show less Kathleen United States Hotel SOFIA Barcelona, in The Unbound Collection by Hyatt Hotel in Les Corts, Barcelona From CAD 237 per night 8.7 Fabulous 3,850 reviews We loved our stay in Barcelona, the hotel was fantastic! We stayed for 2 nights on our way to another destination in Spain. The room we stayed in was clean and spacious, great air con, good sized bathroom and plenty of storage for clothes. We didn’t use all of the facilities as it was a short stay but we did have breakfast on the terrace area which was lovely, fresh coffee and a nice selection of pastries, fruit and cooked options available. Show more Show less Rachel United Kingdom Room Mate Pau Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona From CAD 174 per night 9.2 Superb 2,884 reviews Paid for the room upgrade with tiny balcony overlooking clock tower and cathedral. Awesome!!! Clean. Hot rain shower. Great bed. Breakfast is a super highlight. Now the location; COULD NOT BE BETTER. Next door is best high end grocery in Barcelona with a high end depart store above. Close to everything! And took a 6 euro bus to and from the airport. 90 second walk from hotel. Great staff who aim for perfection. Show more Show less Nicholas United States ICON Bcn Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona From CAD 196 per night 8.9 Fabulous 2,525 reviews Icon BCN is located at the heart of Barcelona making it an ideal place to stay if you're planning to walk around the city center. The room we had was big and comfy with access to the terrace and with a private and cozy outside space. Breakfast was awesome with a great variety of quality choices. But the best thing about Icon BCN is the hotel staff. They were there for us 24/7 and did commit to our experience. Show more Show less Ioannis Greece Hotel Best 4 Barcelona Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona From CAD 133 per night 7.9 Good 2,110 reviews I've stayed here before for 5 days (alone and female) in Sept and then stayed here for 2 days with my partner and had a great exp both times. I'd give it 4 out of 5 stars The staff are really nice and helpful when I was alone and with someone the next time. I've stayed in 4 hotels in barcelona and the shower here is the absolute best!! And I love the views from my room it's beautiful Show more Show less Michaela Ireland Sun & Moon Hostel Ciutat Vella, Barcelona From CAD 30 per night 7.4 Good 513 reviews It's a comfortable hostel with great location. It's in the city center and from the hotel we can go to many famous sightseeings in Barcelona, such as Plaça de Catalunya, Arc de Triomf, Sant Miquel Beach We stayed one night here and the service was very good. Hostel staffs were totally friendly and helpful. It's a wonderful place for a group with 5 or 6 friends Show more Show less Duc Trung Germany Ella Hostel Ramblas Ciutat Vella, Barcelona From CAD 79 per night 8.2 Very good 597 reviews We really love this hotel - it is right in the city center and easily reachable by bus and metro. It looks modern and stylish and everything is clean. People at the reception are very friendly (shoutout to Sofia). I work in a hotel so i used to check every detail and here i was totally satisfied! In case of getting back to Barcelona, i will stay here for sure! Show more Show less Miroslav Czech Republic Casa Lit Barcelona by Ona Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona From CAD 104 per night 8.2 Very good 3,605 reviews Small, cozy room with interesting bathroom (is is integrated together with bedroom). The room was very clean and the hotel has a nice style. And is close to city center (10 min walk) And also the best breakfast of our visit in Spain - the traditional Swedish one with lots of choices, and not the Spanish one with just bread and coffee. Show more Show less Mantvydas Lithuania Acta Voraport Hotel in Sant Martí, Barcelona From CAD 103 per night 8.7 Fabulous 12,337 reviews Lovely hotel away from the city centre but with easy access to all attractions by Metro. Close to a nice beach and bike paths were everywhere in this area of Barcelona. Our room was small but quiet and the beds very comfortable which was great after a long series of flights. Excellent breakfast for an additional cost. Show more Show less Graham Canada Yurbban Passage Hotel & Spa Hotel in Ciutat Vella, Barcelona From CAD 215 per night 9.2 Superb 1,303 reviews This hotel is fun and modern, which makes for an overall pleasant experience. This hotel also includes updated smart TVs, daily wine and cheese and a very comfortable roof top area. I did not regret my decision to stay at this hotel a second time during my multi-city trip to Spain. Show more Show less s.alvrz United States Hotel Margot House Barcelona Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona From CAD 355 per night 8.9 Fabulous 666 reviews If you are visiting Barcelona and need accommodation, look no further. Stylish 9-bedroom boutique hotel in the city center that has a very home atmosphere and the facilities are superb. Staff were great, thank you Narcis and the girls for a wonderful stay! Show more Show less Ioana United Kingdom Hostal Fernando Ciutat Vella, Barcelona From CAD 82 per night 8.3 Very good 5,112 reviews The location is a plus, and the food at the resto is delicious. I ordered arroz negro and so far it was one of the best I tried in Spain. FYI: You’ll get 10% discount from the resto if you have a booking in the hotel. Show more Show less Maynard United Arab Emirates Ofelias Hotel 4Sup by Bondia Hotel Group Hotel in Eixample, Barcelona From CAD 224 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,724 reviews Room was nice and clean. Hotel based near Fira, close to airport transfer, city center, and subway. Show more Show less AndriiShiyka Ukraine Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Things to do in Barcelona Attractions, tours and more – how will you spend your time in Barcelona? Hotels in Madrid Discover another destination in Spain. Hotels in Seville Discover another destination in Spain. Hotels in Catalonia Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Barcelona Province Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels near Barcelona El Prat Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Girona-Costa Brava Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Hotels in Barcelona City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Gothic Quarter Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Barcelona Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|3,1847760,1833870,1866460,1846890,1871440,1847760|3,1870380,1870380|9