The 10 best cottages in Chicago, USA | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Cottages in Chicago Charming and idyllic; a cottage break is the perfect getaway. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home All cottages United States Illinois Chicago The 10 Best Cottages in Chicago, USA Check out our pick of great cottages in Chicago Show hotels on map Filter by: Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Avondale Guesthouse Chicago Located in Chicago, 4.6 km from Wrigley Field and 5.5 km from Lincoln Park Zoo, The Avondale Guesthouse provides air-conditioned accommodation with a patio and free WiFi. This recently renovated holiday home is located 7.2 km from United Center and 8.1 km from 360 Chicago. On clear days, guests can head outside to enjoy the holiday home's outdoor fireplace or simply kick back and relax. Tiaira United States I liked that the house felt like a home. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 118 reviews Price from CAD 195 per night Check availability Spacious Row Home next Transit near Downtown w Parking Chicago Located in Chicago in the Illinois region, Spacious Row Home next Transit near Downtown w Parking features a patio. The air-conditioned accommodation is 3.2 km from United Center, and guests can benefit from complimentary WiFi and private parking available on site. The property is non-smoking and is situated 6.4 km from Union Station. Denisse United States Love this property, easy access, house was perfect for a Family of 10, was clean and have everything you need. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 265 per night Check availability Northside FAMLYNEST Lincoln Sq 4BR 2BA 2P Rare find Chicago Northside FAMLYNEST Lincoln Sq 4BR 2BA 2P Rare find is a recently renovated holiday home in Chicago, where guests can make the most of its garden and tennis court. The air-conditioned accommodation is 5.7 km from Loyola University Chicago. There is an outdoor fireplace and guests can make use of free WiFi, free private parking and an electric vehicle charging station. Moonkyung United States Since I was scheduled to arrive in Chicago early in the morning, I inquired about early check-in just in case, and I was very grateful that he readily agreed. He was a great host who took care of any inconveniences throughout our stay, recommended tourist attractions to visit with children. The accommodation was very clean and equipped with everything. It was much better than a 5 star hotel. Thanks to the host's consideration, it was a very comfortable trip and I highly recommend it. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 17 reviews Price from CAD 315 per night Check availability Flat in Lincoln Park 2-Flat Central to Everything Lincoln Park, Chicago Located within the Lincoln Park district in Chicago, Flat in Lincoln Park 2-Flat Central to Everything has air conditioning, a balcony, and garden views. This property offers access to a terrace, free private parking and free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is set 2.1 km from Fullerton Beach. Osvaldo United States The location was ideal. Plenty of local spots for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I walked and biked around town throughout my stay. The home was extremely well taken care of. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 5 reviews Price from CAD 612 per night Check availability Romantic 3 Bed Home In The Heart Of The Park Chicago Located 11 km from Art Institute of Chicago, 11 km from Field Museum of Natural History and 11 km from Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Romantic 3 Bed Home In The Heart Of The Park features accommodation set in Chicago. The air-conditioned accommodation is 3.8 km from Museum of Science and Industry - Chicago, and guests can benefit from complimentary WiFi and private parking available on site. The property is allergy-free and is situated 6.2 km from Guaranteed Rate Field. Deborah United States Rooms were large with a tv in each room, the beds were comfortable, and the bathrooms were clean. the neighborhood was quiet. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 9 reviews Price from CAD 441 per night Check availability 3 bedroom in Best Location Parking Fireplace Patio Home office Pets Welcome Old Town, Chicago The spacious holiday home is equipped with 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, and a terrace with garden views. Guests can take in the ambience of the surroundings from an outdoor dining area or keep themselves warm by the fireplace on colder days. A dressing room and laundry service is also available. Giovanni Italy Breakfast was amazing, the 0lace is super and location is great, with free and efficient parking. Great service also Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 19 reviews Price from CAD 262 per night Check availability Entire HOME 15 mins from THE BEAN West Town, Chicago Situated in Chicago, 2 km from United Center and 5 km from Union Station, Entire HOME 15 mins from THE BEAN offers air conditioning. The property is around 5.4 km from Water Tower Chicago, 5.6 km from Willis Tower and 5.8 km from CIBC Theatre. The property is non-smoking and is set 5.3 km from Shops at Northbridge. Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 1 reviews Check availability Right next to everything! Chicago Right next to everything!, a property with a garden, is situated in Chicago, 17 km from Lincoln Park Zoo, 18 km from Loyola University Chicago, as well as 19 km from United Center. Both free WiFi and parking on-site are available at the holiday home free of charge. The property is non-smoking and is located 14 km from Wrigley Field. Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 1 reviews Price from CAD 186 per night Check availability Chic Green l Near Downtown & IL Medical District Chicago Set in Chicago, 1.8 km from United Center and 5 km from Union Station, Chic Green l Near Downtown & IL Medical District offers air conditioning. Both free WiFi and parking on-site are accessible at the holiday home free of charge. The property is non-smoking and is situated 5.2 km from Willis Tower. Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 3 reviews Price from CAD 139 per night Check availability Beautifully Renovated House 10 mins from Downtown Bronzeville, Chicago Located within the Bronzeville district in Chicago, Beautifully Renovated House 10 mins from Downtown has air conditioning, a balcony, and garden views. This property offers access to a terrace, free private parking and free WiFi. The property is non-smoking and is set 2.5 km from Oakwood Beach. Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 1 reviews Price from CAD 507 per night Check availability All cottages in Chicago Cottages in Chicago: things to know Popular neighbourhood Downtown Chicago Popular months October, November, August Average stay 2 nights Average price per night CAD 630 Available cottages in Chicago 51 Looking for a cottage? Cottages are perfect for travellers who enjoy feeling cosy and independent in the countryside. Usually small, traditionally built houses, cottages spread across one or two floors, making them great for families, or holidays with a little more privacy. Search cottages in Chicago Enjoy breakfast at cottages in Chicago! See all Spacious Row Home next Transit near Downtown w Parking Chicago Breakfast options Located in Chicago in the Illinois region, Spacious Row Home next Transit near Downtown w Parking features a patio. Love this property, easy access, house was perfect for a Family of 10, was clean and have everything... Show more Show less From CAD 265 per night 9.6 Exceptional 5 reviews Northside FAMLYNEST Lincoln Sq 4BR 2BA 2P Rare find Chicago Breakfast options Northside FAMLYNEST Lincoln Sq 4BR 2BA 2P Rare find is a recently renovated holiday home in Chicago, where guests can make the most of its garden and tennis court. Since I was scheduled to arrive in Chicago early in the morning, I inquired about early check-in... Show more Show less From CAD 315 per night 9.8 Exceptional 17 reviews Flat in Lincoln Park 2-Flat Central to Everything Lincoln Park, Chicago Breakfast options Located within the Lincoln Park district in Chicago, Flat in Lincoln Park 2-Flat Central to Everything has air conditioning, a balcony, and garden views. The location was ideal. Plenty of local spots for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Show more Show less From CAD 612 per night 9.6 Exceptional 5 reviews Entire HOME 15 mins from THE BEAN West Town, Chicago Breakfast options Situated in Chicago, 2 km from United Center and 5 km from Union Station, Entire HOME 15 mins from THE BEAN offers air conditioning. Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 1 review Stylish Wicker Park Home Wicker Park, Chicago Breakfast options A recently renovated holiday home situated in Chicago, Stylish Wicker Park Home features a garden. The air-conditioned accommodation is 3.4 km from United Center. Show more Show less From CAD 743 per night Right next to everything! Chicago Breakfast options Right next to everything!, a property with a garden, is situated in Chicago, 17 km from Lincoln Park Zoo, 18 km from Loyola University Chicago, as well as 19 km from United Center. Show more Show less From CAD 186 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review Eclectic Home with Hot Tub Less Than 2 Mi to Wrigley Field Ravenswood, Chicago Breakfast options Situated in Chicago, 2.9 km from Wrigley Field and 5.1 km from Loyola University Chicago, Eclectic Home with Hot Tub Less Than 2 Mi to Wrigley Field offers air conditioning. Show more Show less Flexhome Avondale 3BR Private Home S1 - READ INFO Chicago Breakfast options Situated in Chicago, 7 km from Lincoln Park Zoo and 9 km from United Center, Flexhome Avondale 3BR Private Home S1 - READ INFO offers a garden and air conditioning. Show more Show less These cottages in Chicago have options with FREE cancellation See all Romantic 3 Bed Home In The Heart Of The Park Chicago Free cancellation options available Located 11 km from Art Institute of Chicago, 11 km from Field Museum of Natural History and 11 km from Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Romantic 3 Bed Home In The Heart Of The Park features accommodation... Rooms were large with a tv in each room, the beds were comfortable, and the bathrooms were clean. Show more Show less From CAD 441 per night 8.6 Fabulous 9 reviews The Logandale: HUGE Mid-Century Home, sleeps 15 Chicago Free cancellation options available Situated in Chicago, 6.5 km from Wrigley Field and 7.4 km from Lincoln Park Zoo, The Logandale: HUGE Mid-Century Home, sleeps 15 offers air conditioning. Show more Show less From CAD 180 per night Chic Green l Near Downtown & IL Medical District Chicago Free cancellation options available Set in Chicago, 1.8 km from United Center and 5 km from Union Station, Chic Green l Near Downtown & IL Medical District offers air conditioning. Show more Show less From CAD 139 per night 10 Exceptional 3 reviews Entire Guest 1bedroom with private entrance Chicago Free cancellation options available Set in Chicago in the Illinois region, Entire Guest 1bedroom with private entrance offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Show more Show less From CAD 178 per night Chic Chicago Abode Steps from Magnificent Mile! Chicago Free cancellation options available Set in Chicago, 3 km from Museum of Science and Industry - Chicago and 8.7 km from Guaranteed Rate Field, Chic Chicago Abode Steps from Magnificent Mile! offers air conditioning. Show more Show less Spacious Chicago Home about 6 Mi to Wrigley Field! Chicago Free cancellation options available Set in Chicago, 4.9 km from Loyola University Chicago and 8.7 km from Wrigley Field, Spacious Chicago Home about 6 Mi to Wrigley Field! Show more Show less Charming Chicago House with Grill and Balcony! Chicago Free cancellation options available Situated in Chicago, 17 km from Lincoln Park Zoo and 18 km from Loyola University Chicago, Charming Chicago House with Grill and Balcony! offers a garden and air conditioning. Show more Show less Charming Chicago Home - 2 Mi to Jackson Park! Chicago Free cancellation options available Situated in Chicago, 12 km from Guaranteed Rate Field and 14 km from Field Museum of Natural History, Charming Chicago Home - 2 Mi to Jackson Park! offers air conditioning. Show more Show less From CAD 165 per night Travelling by car? These cottages in Chicago offer free parking! See all The Avondale Guesthouse Chicago Free parking Located in Chicago, 4.6 km from Wrigley Field and 5.5 km from Lincoln Park Zoo, The Avondale Guesthouse provides air-conditioned accommodation with a patio and free WiFi. I liked that the house felt like a home. Show more Show less From CAD 195 per night 9.4 Superb 118 reviews 3 bedroom in Best Location Parking Fireplace Patio Home office Pets Welcome Old Town, Chicago Free parking Featuring a garden and inner courtyard views, this sustainable holiday home is well located in Chicago, close to landmarks like North Avenue Beach and Lincoln Park Zoo. Breakfast was amazing, the 0lace is super and location is great, with free and efficient parking. Show more Show less From CAD 262 per night 8.3 Very good 19 reviews Beautifully Renovated House 10 mins from Downtown Bronzeville, Chicago Free parking Located within the Bronzeville district in Chicago, Beautifully Renovated House 10 mins from Downtown has air conditioning, a balcony, and garden views. Show more Show less From CAD 507 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review 4 bedroom in Best Location Parking Fireplace Back Yard Home office Pets Welcome Old Town, Chicago Free parking Boasting a garden and city views, this sustainable holiday home is ideally situated in Chicago, close to landmarks like Oak Street Beach and North Avenue Beach. Show more Show less From CAD 539 per night 10 Exceptional 3 reviews 5 Bedroom House in Best Location Parking Fireplace Back Yard Home office Old Town, Chicago Free parking Featuring a garden and city views, this sustainable holiday home is well located in Chicago, close to landmarks like North Avenue Beach and Oak Street Beach. Show more Show less From CAD 526 per night 10 Exceptional 2 reviews Amazing City Getaway. Perfect for Entertaining! Logan Square, Chicago Free parking Featuring air-conditioned accommodation with a patio, Amazing City Getaway. Perfect for Entertaining! is located in Chicago. Show more Show less From CAD 1,014 per night Spacious Luxury Retreat 8 Bed Oasis with 6 Baths Bridgeport, Chicago Free parking Boasting air-conditioned accommodation with a patio, Spacious Luxury Retreat 8 Bed Oasis with 6 Baths is situated in Chicago. Show more Show less From CAD 472 per night Perfect Space for Relaxing & Entertaining! Chicago Free parking Boasting air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony, Perfect Space for Relaxing & Entertaining! is situated in Chicago. This property offers access to a terrace, free private parking and free WiFi. Show more Show less From CAD 1,014 per night 4.0 Review score 1 review FAQs about cottages in Chicago How much does it cost to stay in a cottage in Chicago? On average, a cottage in Chicago costs CAD 182 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a cottage in Chicago for this weekend? The average price per night for a cottage in Chicago for this weekend is CAD 767 (based on Booking.com prices). How much would a cottage in Chicago cost for tonight? The average price of a cottage in Chicago for this evening is CAD 654 (based on Booking.com prices). Which cottages in Chicago are good for families? Many families visiting Chicago enjoyed staying at Northside FAMLYNEST Lincoln Sq 4BR 2BA 2P Rare find, Spacious Row Home next Transit near Downtown w Parking and Flat in Lincoln Park 2-Flat Central to Everything. What are some of the best cottages for stays in Chicago? The Avondale Guesthouse, Northside FAMLYNEST Lincoln Sq 4BR 2BA 2P Rare find and Spacious Row Home next Transit near Downtown w Parking are some of our most popular cottages in Chicago. Which cottages in Chicago are good for couples? These cottages in Chicago are highly rated by couples: Flat in Lincoln Park 2-Flat Central to Everything, Romantic 3 Bed Home In The Heart Of The Park and The Avondale Guesthouse. Cottages that guests love in Chicago See all Club Quarters Hotel Wacker at Michigan, Chicago Cottage in Chicago Loop, Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 120 8.2 Very good 3,689 reviews The location was perfect, across the road from the river. We were in walking distance to the airport train line, Lake Michigan and Cloud Gate. The room felt corporate but also felt cosy. Show more Show less JeanetteYoung couple Cozy Studio near Wrigley field and Boystown Cottage in Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 86 9.0 Superb 38 reviews Perfect little spot if you're not too fussed about staying in the city. Saying that, with the transport links, it's super easy to get into! The place was clean, cosy and had all of the essentials you'd expect and more. Even the neighbours in the building were lovely who helped me carry my cases up the stairs! Show more Show less AmyFamily with young children Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago Cottage in River North, Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 431 9.0 Superb 1,176 reviews Great location! We stayed in one of the spa rooms which was lovely and spacious. The gym was superb, as were the pool, sauna & steam room. Show more Show less JenniferYoung couple The Palmer House Hilton Cottage in Chicago Loop, Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 164 7.4 Good 865 reviews Storied heritage hotel that now feels the tug of time. Neighbourhood has moved from bustling to "keep your head up". Pleasant though, in the same way as your 70 year old Aunt from the Mid West. Show more Show less tomFamily with young children Claridge House Cottage in Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 140 7.8 Good 727 reviews Very cozy hotel in a wonderful location. The area is easily accessible and there are many restaurants nearby. The hotel is nice, you can feel yourself at home and pampered with some nice benefits (ex. umbrellas always available). Very comfortable bed. I definitely recomend it. Show more Show less PIERLUIGISolo traveller Hyatt Regency McCormick Place Cottage in South Loop, Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 230 8.4 Very good 894 reviews Nice view, clean. Nice gym, sauna, pool. Room was spacious and comfortable. Show more Show less CervioSolo traveller citizenM Chicago Downtown Cottage in Chicago Loop, Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 134 8.9 Fabulous 2,216 reviews I liked my stay! It was cozy, in a great location, and had everything that I needed. At first, I thought the room was a bit small, but as a solo traveler, it ended up feeling very cozy. Show more Show less ArieanaSolo traveller Warwick Allerton Chicago Cottage in Streeterville, Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 107 7.3 Good 5,693 reviews comfortable room, very clean. Had a safe in the room and bathroom was good. Plenty of storage space for things in wardrobe etc. Coffee machine in room. Fitness suite nice enough but limited to gym equipment (no sauna/pool etc.). Show more Show less AdamSolo traveller Ambassador Chicago, part of JdV by Hyatt Cottage in Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 137 8.3 Very good 531 reviews Comfortable bed Big cosy room with nice and thick carpet Huge TV Very clean Quiet hotel and neighborhood The hotel is just a stone's throw from lake Michigan and very close to shops and restaurants Helpful staff who provided me with a kettle when I asked for one. Fireplace in the lobby Show more Show less VictorSolo traveller Majestic Hotel Cottage in Lakeview, Chicago, IL Avg. price/night: CAD 116 7.9 Good 557 reviews Charming , if a little torn, place close to restaurants in Broadway. The Room with the fireplace and Baseball memorabilia , an free cofee, is worth seing Show more Show less JorgenSolo traveller Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Union Station Book a hotel close to Union Station, perfect for easy access to local transport links. Cottages in Rosemont Try another destination popular with our guests. Cottages in Washington Try another destination popular with our guests. Flights from London to Chicago Find and compare the best flights. Flights to Midway International Airport Jet into this airport to explore Chicago at your leisure. Flights to Chicago O'Hare International Airport Jet into this airport to explore Chicago at your leisure. Hotels near United Center Find the perfect hotel in Chicago with United Center right on your doorstep. Cottages in Schaumburg Find more hotels in a city close to Schaumburg. Cottages in Merrillville Find more hotels in a city close to Merrillville. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1859450|1,1860250,1846950,1859450