The 10 best hotels close to Ocean City Boardwalk in Ocean City, United States Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Hotels near Ocean City Boardwalk, Ocean City Enter your dates and choose from 1837 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United States Ocean City Ocean City Boardwalk Featured hotels near Ocean City Boardwalk Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Courtyard by Marriott Ocean City Oceanfront Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City (0.5 km from Ocean City Boardwalk) Courtyard by Marriott Ocean City Oceanfront occupies a beachfront location 6.4 km from Ocean City Airport. It features an indoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and free WiFi in all areas. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 325 reviews Price from CAD 105 per night Check availability Howard Johnson Plaza by Wyndham Ocean City Oceanfront Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City (0.2 km from Ocean City Boardwalk) Overlooking the Atlantic Ocean and Ocean City’s Boardwalk, this hotel is 3.3 km from the Jolly Roger Amusement Park. It offers on-site dining, bicycle rentals, and free WiFi. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 1,553 reviews Price from CAD 85 per night Check availability Holiday Inn & Suites Ocean City, an IHG Hotel Boardwalk, Ocean City (0.7 km from Ocean City Boardwalk) Conveniently located steps from the beach, Holiday Inn & Suites Ocean City, an IHG Hotel City boasts an indoor and outdoor swimming pool. This oceanfront property also has an on-site restaurant. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 611 reviews Price from CAD 140 per night Check availability Comfort Inn Ocean City Boardwalk Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City (0.5 km from Ocean City Boardwalk) The Comfort Inn Boardwalk is located near Ocean City Beach and the Ocean City Boardwalk, offering shopping, dining and entertainment. The Ocean City Municipal Airport is 8 km away. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 2,090 reviews Check availability Ocean'S Edge 401 Condo Boardwalk, Ocean City (0.1 km from Ocean City Boardwalk) Offering sea views, Ocean'S Edge 401 Condo is an accommodation located in Ocean City, 100 metres from Ocean City Harbor and 1.4 km from Jolly Roger at the Pier. Show more Show less 9.9 Exceptional 12 reviews Price from CAD 269 per night Check availability Americana Condos 10th street Boardwalk, Ocean City (0.2 km from Ocean City Boardwalk) Americana Condos 10th street provides accommodation within a few steps of the centre of Ocean City, with free WiFi, and a kitchen with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 184 reviews Price from CAD 420 per night Check availability See more properties near Ocean City Boardwalk Top 10 trending hotels near Ocean City Boardwalk Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Holiday Inn Ocean City, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City #1 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 7.7 Good 1,768 reviews Comfort Inn Ocean City Boardwalk 2 stars Hotel in Ocean City #2 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.5 Very good 2,090 reviews Grand Hotel Ocean City Oceanfront 3 stars Hotel in Ocean City #3 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.5 Very good 4,473 reviews Americana Hotel Boardwalk 4 stars Hotel in Ocean City #4 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.1 Very good 787 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Ocean City Oceanfront 3 stars Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City #5 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.6 Fabulous 2,660 reviews Commander Hotel & Suites 3 stars Hotel in Ocean City #6 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.1 Very good 2,491 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Ocean City 3 stars Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City #7 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.6 Fabulous 1,490 reviews Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ocean City 3 stars Hotel in Ocean City #8 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.5 Very good 1,057 reviews Aloft Ocean City 3 stars Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City #9 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.6 Fabulous 1,008 reviews Park Place Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Ocean City #10 Booked hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.7 Fabulous 626 reviews See more hotels near Ocean City Boardwalk Princess Royale Oceanfront Resort 4 stars Hotel in North Ocean City, Ocean City #1 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 7.8 Good 3,541 reviews Howard Johnson Plaza by Wyndham Ocean City Oceanfront 3 stars Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City #2 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.6 Fabulous 1,553 reviews Grand Hotel Ocean City Oceanfront 3 stars Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City #3 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.5 Very good 4,473 reviews Americana Hotel Boardwalk 4 stars Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City #4 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.1 Very good 787 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Ocean City Oceanfront 3 stars Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City #5 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.6 Fabulous 2,660 reviews Commander Hotel & Suites 3 stars Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City #6 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.1 Very good 2,491 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Ocean City 3 stars Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City #7 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.6 Fabulous 1,490 reviews Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ocean City 3 stars Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City #8 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.5 Very good 1,057 reviews Aloft Ocean City 3 stars Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City #9 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.6 Fabulous 1,008 reviews Park Place Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City #10 Wish-listed hotel near Ocean City Boardwalk 8.7 Fabulous 626 reviews See more hotels near Ocean City Boardwalk Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Ocean City Boardwalk See all Fenwick Shores, Tapestry Collection by Hilton Hotel in Fenwick Island Breakfast options Set in Fenwick Island, 200 metres from Fenwick Island State Park Beach, Fenwick Shores, Tapestry Collection by Hilton offers accommodation with free bikes, private parking, an outdoor swimming pool... Beautiful newer property very close to the beach in Fenwick Island. We loved the rooftop pool. Show more Show less From CAD 114 per night 9.2 Superb 383 reviews Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ocean City Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Breakfast options Offering a fitness centre and indoor pool, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ocean City is set in Ocean City in the Maryland Region, 1.5 km from Roland E. very clean easy access to the beach new modern breakfast was free Show more Show less From CAD 96 per night 8.5 Very good 1,057 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Ocean City Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City Breakfast options Residence Inn by Marriott Ocean City is located in Ocean City, 2 km from Roland E. Powell Convention Center & Visitors Info Center. Location, room size and quality Show more Show less From CAD 114 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,490 reviews Tru By Hilton Ocean City Bayside, Md Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City Breakfast options Attractively located in the Midtown district of Ocean City, Tru By Hilton Ocean City Bayside, Md is situated 600 metres from Ocean City Beach, 1.2 km from Roland E. I liked the room and the bathroom had a very large walk-in shower. Show more Show less From CAD 91 per night 8.7 Fabulous 633 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites Ocean City West Hotel in West Ocean City, Ocean City Breakfast options Situated in Ocean City and with Ocean City Beach reachable within 2.7 km, Hampton Inn & Suites Ocean City West features concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi throughout... The breakfast was really good every morning. The pool was nice too. Show more Show less From CAD 98 per night 8.7 Fabulous 584 reviews Home2 Suites by Hilton Ocean City Bayside Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City Breakfast options Featuring barbecue facilities, Home2 Suites by Hilton Ocean City Bayside is located in Ocean City in the Maryland region, 400 metres from Ocean City Beach and 3.1 km from Roland E. The location was convenient and had things to do in walking distance. Show more Show less From CAD 82 per night 8.4 Very good 766 reviews Bethany Beach Ocean Suites Residence Inn by Marriott Hotel in Bethany Beach Breakfast options Bethany Beach Ocean Suites Residence Inn by Marriott offers accommodation in Bethany Beach. the breakfast buffet was perfect Show more Show less From CAD 188 per night 8.4 Very good 219 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites Ocean City Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City Breakfast options Just steps from the beach, this Ocean City hotel offers free Wi-Fi and rooms equipped with plush bedding along with a microwave and refrigerator. Jolly Roger Amusement Park is 1 mile away. Bed was so very comfortable and breakfast was delicious Show more Show less From CAD 96 per night 8.4 Very good 437 reviews Budget hotels near Ocean City Boardwalk See all Cambria Hotel Ocean City - Bayfront Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Budget Hotel In a prime location in the centre of Ocean City, Cambria Hotel Ocean City - Bayfront offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. The place is clean and the room was big enough. Show more Show less From CAD 114 per night 9.1 Superb 1,098 reviews Aloft Ocean City Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City Budget Hotel Located in Ocean City, 400 metres from Ocean City Beach, Aloft Ocean City provides accommodation with free bikes, private parking, a terrace and a bar. Our air conditioner was not working and after they tried twice and it was still not working they... Show more Show less From CAD 97 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,008 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Ocean City Oceanfront Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City Budget Hotel Welcome to Hilton Garden Inn in the heart of Ocean City, Maryland, the East Coast’s favorite vacation destination. The oceanfront location was excellent. Show more Show less From CAD 115 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,660 reviews Grand Hotel Ocean City Oceanfront Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Budget Hotel This hotel is located off the Ocean City Boardwalk, which features shopping and dining. The Grand Hotel features a full-service salon and rooms with balconies and views of the ocean. I like the location and the fact that you don’t have to go anywhere to eat Show more Show less From CAD 75 per night 8.5 Very good 4,473 reviews DoubleTree by Hilton Ocean City Oceanfront Hotel in Midtown, Ocean City Budget Hotel This beachfront hotel is 10 minutes' walk from the Ocean City Boardwalk, offering various dining and entertainment options. the view was great!!! The room setup was also great to be able to see the view from anywhere. Show more Show less From CAD 108 per night 8.7 Fabulous 924 reviews Fenwick Inn Hotel in North Ocean City, Ocean City Budget Hotel The newly renovated Fenwick Inn is located in north Ocean City, 1 km from Fenwick Island. The beach is only 100 meters away. We loved the new place! Like the décor and staff is great and professionnal Show more Show less From CAD 96 per night 7.7 Good 1,978 reviews Carousel Resort Hotel and Condominiums Hotel in North Ocean City, Ocean City Budget Hotel This Ocean City hotel is a beachfront property that offers guests an indoor pool, game room and fitness centre with a sauna. The rooms come with a TV, microwave, and en suite bathroom with toiletries.... Room and location was excellent Show more Show less From CAD 96 per night 7.3 Good 2,015 reviews Holiday Inn Express and Suites West Ocean City, an IHG Hotel Hotel in West Ocean City, Ocean City Budget Hotel Holiday Inn Express and Suites West Ocean City is located less than 2 miles away from the beach and the boardwalk. Free WiFi access is available at the property. Location was great for my meetings, appreciated the comfort and cleanliness of the room.... Show more Show less From CAD 92 per night 7.9 Good 326 reviews Hotels with great access to Ocean City Boardwalk! See all Decatur House 502 Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Great location Situated in the centre of Ocean City, 80 metres from Ocean City Beach, Decatur House 502 features air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. Show more Show less From CAD 80 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review Belmont Towers 608 Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Great location Belmont Towers 608 features free WiFi throughout the property and views of pool in Ocean City. The property is set 3.1 km from Baja Amusements, 4 km from Grand Prix Amusements and 4.8 km from Roland... Show more Show less From CAD 230 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review Belmont Towers 610 Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Great location Belmont Towers 610 features free WiFi throughout the property and views of sea in Ocean City. Show more Show less 10 Exceptional 1 review Belmont Towers Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Great location Belmont Towers features free WiFi throughout the property and views of sea in Ocean City. The property is around 3.1 km from Baja Amusements, 4 km from Grand Prix Amusements and 4.8 km from Roland E. Show more Show less From CAD 275 per night 10 Exceptional 2 reviews White Marlin 202A Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Great location Located in Ocean City, within 400 metres of Ripley's Believe It or Not and 1.6 km of Ocean City Harbor, White Marlin 202A provides accommodation with free WiFi throughout the property. Show more Show less From CAD 115 per night 10 Exceptional 1 review Assateague House 205 Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Great location Assateague House 205 features air-conditioned rooms with cable TV in the Boardwalk district of Ocean City. The property was lovely, decorated in a beachy theme throughout- appropriate for the beach town... Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 6 reviews Bahia Vista II 305 Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Great location Bahia Vista II 305 features free WiFi throughout the property and views of pool in Ocean City. Boasting an ATM, this property also provides guests with a children's playground. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 4 reviews Ocean Hideaway 511 Hotel in Boardwalk, Ocean City Great location Ocean Hideaway 511 features free WiFi throughout the property and views of sea in Ocean City. The property is around 1.2 km from Ocean City Harbor, 2.6 km from Roland E. Show more Show less From CAD 87 per night 9.0 Superb 4 reviews Planning a trip to see the Ocean City Boardwalk? Check out the latest reviews and scores 10 Very clean people didn't beg for money of food. Very clean people didn't beg for money of food. My hotel was very Beautiful and clean. Ww got breakfast and it was really good. People are very friendly. And you can look out their window. I would go back to Ocean City anyday. Show more Show less Sonya United States 10 We love walking the boardwalk. We love walking the boardwalk. It is an east coast experience that is so much fun. Food, shops and of course the Atlantic ocean with the huge beach are all wonderful to experience first hand. If you are into gambling there is plenty of that as well as shows and high end restaurants. for us the boardwalk and people watching are enough entertainment!! Show more Show less ann United States 8.0 If u stay at The Admiral, Taphouse, Auntie Anns Pretzels,... If u stay at The Admiral, Taphouse, Auntie Anns Pretzels, Sunsations, Picked Pub are all right there. Also Embers and Bonfire are both great AYCE seafood buffet. Blu and Fish Tails are great Bayside Restaurants! Show more Show less Caroline United States 10 Long Boardwalk that can be broken up into sections if... Long Boardwalk that can be broken up into sections if desired. The tram is a good option if you want to walk one direction and then ride back. But the tickets are for one way only. You cannot get on and off. There is a multi ticket deal available that saves you a few dollars. Show more Show less Jean United States 8.0 It was fine. It was fine...except...pretty dirty....but that is probably just because of the other people...they are slobs....trash all over the boardwalk....but it wasn't becasue of the lack of trash cans...my son even picked up a few water bottle and threw them away...people are just gross Show more Show less Angel United States 10 People are always on the boardwalk no matter what time you... People are always on the boardwalk no matter what time you go out. You can always get something to eat on boardwalk no matter what time it is. Oh, and ketchup is not readily accessible at boardwalk eating places. I bought fries at Thrashers, they don't have ketchup, so I got the another eatery, they have ketchup but wanted to charge my $1 because I didn't buy my fries from them. Went to another restaurant it was the same deal. Be aware. Show more Show less Mary United States People are talking about Ocean City Boardwalk! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "Ocean City Boardwalk" See all Coconut Malorie Resort Ocean City a Ramada by Wyndham Midtown, Ocean City From CAD 107 per night 7.0 Good 634 reviews it's near the ocean city boardwalk Show more Show less Sanchez Reyes United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Car hire in Ocean City Hire a car and hit the road, whether that's A to B or for a longer road trip. Hotels in the United States Amazing places to stay in the United States. Hotels near Salisbury-Ocean City Wicomico Regional Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Boardwalk Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Beach Hotels in Ocean City More great accommodation options for your trip. Motels in Maryland Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Rehoboth Beach Flexible on where to stay? Look up hotels in nearby Rehoboth Beach, not too far from Ocean City Boardwalk. Hotels in Cape May Find more hotels in a city close to Ocean City Boardwalk. Hotels in Dewey Beach Find more hotels in a city close to Ocean City Boardwalk. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870070,1871440