The 10 best hotels close to Portmeirion in Talsarnau, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels near Portmeirion, Talsarnau Enter your dates and choose from 1272 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom Talsarnau Portmeirion Featured hotels near Portmeirion Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Portmeirion Village & Castell Deudraeth Hotel in Porthmadog (0.2 km from Portmeirion) Built by a visionary architect in 1925, Portmeirion Village & Castell Deudraeth overlooks the beautiful Dywryd Estaury. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,483 reviews Price from CAD 357 per night Check availability Abergafren Lodge Porthmadog (1.2 km from Portmeirion) Featuring mountain views, Abergafren Lodge offers accommodation with a garden and a patio, around 1.9 km from Portmeirion. This beachfront property offers access to a balcony and free WiFi. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 19 reviews Price from CAD 316 per night Check availability The Little Boat House Talsarnau (2 km from Portmeirion) Offering a garden and garden view, The Little Boat House is situated in Talsarnau, 34 km from Snowdon and 40 km from Snowdon Mountain Railway. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 80 reviews Price from CAD 213 per night Check availability Estuary Lodge Motel B&B Talsarnau (2.5 km from Portmeirion) Estuary Lodge Motel B&B is located in the quiet village of Talsarnau, in Snowdonia national park, within 5 miles of the coast. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 316 reviews Check availability Taldraeth - Old Vicarage Guest House Penrhyndeudreath (2.6 km from Portmeirion) Located in the heart of Snowdonia National Park, Taldraeth, The Old Vicarage is situated in Penrhyndeudreath and offers views of the Dwyryd Estuary. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 113 reviews Check availability Yr Hen Farcdy Talsarnau (3.2 km from Portmeirion) Located in Talsarnau and only 5.9 km from Portmeirion, Yr Hen Farcdy provides accommodation with garden views, free WiFi and free private parking. Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 100 reviews Price from CAD 154 per night Check availability See more properties near Portmeirion Top 10 trending hotels near Portmeirion Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Grapes Hotel, Bar & Restaurant Snowdonia Nr Zip World 4 stars Hotel in Blaenau-Ffestiniog #1 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 8.6 Fabulous 1,061 reviews Royal Victoria Hotel Snowdonia 3 stars Hotel in Llanberis #2 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 7.8 Good 3,512 reviews YHA Snowdon Pen-y-Pass 4 stars Hotel in Llanberis #3 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 8.3 Very good 1,187 reviews The Golden Fleece Inn 4 stars Hotel in Porthmadog #4 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 8.1 Very good 1,471 reviews Dolgun Uchaf Guesthouse and Cottages in Snowdonia 4 stars Hotel in Dolgellau #5 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 8.5 Very good 957 reviews Royal Ship 3 stars Hotel in Dolgellau #6 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 8.5 Very good 749 reviews Portmeirion Village & Castell Deudraeth 4 stars Hotel in Porthmadog #7 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 9.1 Superb 1,483 reviews Padarn Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Llanberis #8 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 8.1 Very good 775 reviews The Royal Hotel in Barmouth #9 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 9.0 Superb 1,703 reviews Plas Weunydd 4 stars Hotel in Blaenau-Ffestiniog #10 Booked hotel near Portmeirion 8.7 Fabulous 1,380 reviews See more hotels near Portmeirion Grapes Hotel, Bar & Restaurant Snowdonia Nr Zip World 4 stars Hotel in Blaenau-Ffestiniog #1 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 8.6 Fabulous 1,061 reviews Royal Victoria Hotel Snowdonia 3 stars Hotel in Llanberis #2 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 7.8 Good 3,512 reviews YHA Snowdon Pen-y-Pass 4 stars Hotel in Llanberis #3 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 8.3 Very good 1,187 reviews The Golden Fleece Inn 4 stars Hotel in Porthmadog #4 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 8.1 Very good 1,471 reviews Aberdunant Hall 4 stars Hotel in Porthmadog #5 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 9.0 Superb 2,407 reviews Portmeirion Village & Castell Deudraeth 4 stars Hotel in Porthmadog #6 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 9.1 Superb 1,483 reviews The Piggery - North Wales Retreat Hotel in Pwllheli #7 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 9.4 Superb 65 reviews Remarkable 1-Bed House NearZip World Snowdonia Hotel in Tanygrisiau #8 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 9.1 Superb 69 reviews The Royal Hotel in Barmouth #9 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 9.0 Superb 1,703 reviews Plas Weunydd 4 stars Hotel in Blaenau-Ffestiniog #10 Wish-listed hotel near Portmeirion 8.7 Fabulous 1,380 reviews See more hotels near Portmeirion Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Portmeirion See all George III Hotel Hotel in Penmaenpool Breakfast options Featuring a garden and free WiFi, George III Hotel is located in Penmaenpool, near Dolgellau. The property features a terrace, as well as a bar. British cuisine is served at the restaurant. Everything. lovely setting. couldn't fault the place. staff friendly and helpful. Show more Show less From CAD 216 per night 9.2 Superb 442 reviews Y Meirionnydd Townhouse Hotel in Dolgellau Breakfast options Located 38 km from Portmeirion, Y Meirionnydd Townhouse offers 5-star accommodation in Dolgellau and features a terrace. The property is allergy-free and is situated 26 km from Castell y Bere. Check in was really good Dafwyd ( apologies if it’s not spelt correct ) is a cool guy with excellent... Show more Show less From CAD 169 per night 9.1 Superb 271 reviews Plas Weunydd Hotel in Blaenau-Ffestiniog Breakfast options Plas Weunydd has a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Blaenau-Ffestiniog. This 4-star hotel offers room service, a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi. The view,rooms,service everything excellent Show more Show less From CAD 131 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,380 reviews Hafan Artro Hotel in Llanbedr Breakfast options Situated in Llanbedr, Hafan Artro offers accommodation with a garden. This hotel offers free WiFi. Free private parking is available on site. Very friendly staff and lovely food and drink Show more Show less From CAD 128 per night 8.6 Fabulous 614 reviews Saracens Head Hotel in Beddgelert Breakfast options Saracens Head in Beddgelert provides accommodation with a garden, a terrace and a bar. Both free WiFi and private parking are accessible at the hotel. super quality beds the hotel is ideally located to explore the surrounding mountains, in our case by... Show more Show less From CAD 315 per night 8.1 Very good 633 reviews Royal Ship Hotel in Dolgellau Breakfast options Situated in Gwynedd, in the market town of Dolgellau, the Royal Ship hotel features a restaurant and free Wi-Fi in public areas. The market town is part of the Snowdonia National Park. It was a lovely hotel and the food was great x Show more Show less From CAD 153 per night 8.5 Very good 749 reviews Ty Mawr Hotel Hotel in Llanbedr Breakfast options This family run hotel offers traditional, comfortable accommodation in the beautiful setting of the Snowdonia National Park. The setting is beautiful,just like the picture ,the people are very friendly and it was clean and... Show more Show less From CAD 118 per night 8.6 Fabulous 790 reviews Saracens Head, Beddgelert Hotel in Caernarfon Breakfast options Located in Caernarfon, 16 km from Portmeirion, Saracens Head, Beddgelert provides accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking and a bar. Very good breakfast. Good location close to village amenities. Show more Show less From CAD 226 per night 8.6 Fabulous 22 reviews Budget hotels near Portmeirion See all Queens Hotel Hotel in Blaenau-Ffestiniog Budget Hotel Located in Blaenau-Ffestiniog and with Portmeirion reachable within 18 km, Queens Hotel provides a garden, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi and a bar. Great location, friendly staff, clean good breakfast. Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 6.3 Review score 386 reviews Aberdunant Hall Hotel in Porthmadog Budget Hotel Situated within Snowdonia National Park, Aberdunant Hall is a 17th-century property set within 200-acres of woodland on an idyllic upmarket Holiday Home Park. Myself, my husband and my two children came to stay here, in one of their cabanas, for just one... Show more Show less From CAD 106 per night 9.0 Superb 2,407 reviews The Queens Hotel Harlech Hotel in Harlech Budget Hotel Set in Harlech, 1.6 km from Harlech Beach, The Queens Hotel Harlech offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Breakfast was well cooked and very filling. Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 9.0 Superb 228 reviews Sygun Fawr Country House Hotel in Beddgelert Budget Hotel Situated in Beddgelert and with Snowdon reachable within 16 km, Sygun Fawr Country House features a shared lounge, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi and a bar. Beautiful location and lovely premises Show more Show less From CAD 196 per night 9.0 Superb 766 reviews Plas Penaeldroch Manor Hotel in Dolwyddelan Budget Hotel Located in Dolwyddelan, within 26 km of Snowdon and 29 km of Portmeirion, Plas Penaeldroch Manor provides accommodation with a garden and free WiFi as well as free private parking for guests who... The hosts Mike and Carrie were very friendly. Nice people. Breakfast was sufficient and perfect. Show more Show less From CAD 338 per night 9.5 Exceptional 296 reviews Allibella Shepherds Hut, Amazing Seaview, Private garden, Pet Friendly Hotel in Barmouth Budget Hotel Set in Barmouth, 2.2 km from Barmouth Beach, Allibella Shepherds Hut, Amazing Seaview, Private garden, Pet Friendly offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking and a terrace. Stunning views. Well kitted out accommodation. Free parking on site. Very comfortable beds. Show more Show less From CAD 196 per night 9.3 Superb 172 reviews Caerwylan Hotel Hotel in Criccieth Budget Hotel With views over the beach, Tremadog Bay and towards the ruins of Criccieth Castle, Caerwylan Hotel is situated 10 minutes’ drive from the edge of Snowdonia National Park. Best location by the sea, very nice hotel, wonderful friendly staff. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 280 reviews Y Griffin Hotel in Penrhyndeudreath Budget Hotel Y Griffin has a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Penrhyndeudreath. The property is set 3.4 km from Portmeirion, 28 km from Snowdon and 34 km from Snowdon Mountain Railway. Didn't have breakfast, location close to all places we wanted to visit, and local bars and... Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 227 reviews Hotels with great access to Portmeirion! See all Bron Eifion Hotel & Wedding Venue Hotel in Criccieth Great location Set in 5 acres of tranquil Welsh country estate, Bron Eifion Hotel & Wedding Venue is a short walk to the sea and offers fine dining, spacious bedrooms and free Wi-Fi. Beautifully appointed gardens and classy facility. Well trained and high-quality staff. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 70 reviews Gwesty Seren Hotel Hotel in Blaenau-Ffestiniog Great location Situated in Blaenau-Ffestiniog, 13 km from Portmeirion, Gwesty Seren Hotel features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a bar. Stunning scenery, nicely laid out Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 526 reviews Tyn-y-Coed Inn Hotel in Betws-y-coed Great location Situated in Betws-y-coed, 12 km from Snowdon, Tyn-y-Coed Inn features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Self catering/excellent it was all fab Show more Show less From CAD 102 per night 8.4 Very good 167 reviews Lion Hotel & Studio Apartments Hotel in Criccieth Great location Lion Hotel & Studio Apartments are centrally located for exploring the Llyn Peninsula and Snowdonia National Park. The Lion Hotel & Studio Apartments are located in the heart of Criccieth. The staff were absolutely great and went out of their way to accommodate every wish we had and to... Show more Show less From CAD 122 per night 8.1 Very good 891 reviews Padarn Hotel Hotel in Llanberis Great location Surrounded by Snowdonia National Park, the Padarn Hotel is situated in the village of Llanberis at the foot of Snowdon, 100m from Padarn Lake and is 500 metres from the Snowdon Mountain Railway. It was fantastic location & the rooms were extremely clean & comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 99 per night 8.1 Very good 775 reviews Royal Victoria Hotel Snowdonia Hotel in Llanberis Great location At the foot of Mount Snowdon, the Royal Victoria Hotel is cradled between Lakes Llyn Padarn and Llyn Peries. Bedrooms have baths and showers and satellite TVs. Loved the location, old but clean, Show more Show less From CAD 101 per night 7.8 Good 3,512 reviews Prince Llewelyn Hotel Hotel in Beddgelert Great location Set in Beddgelert and with Portmeirion reachable within 15 km, Prince Llewelyn Hotel offers a terrace, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi and a bar. Lovely old hotel. Amazing location. very friendly and helpful staff. Show more Show less From CAD 212 per night 7.7 Good 252 reviews The Victoria Hotel Hotel in Pwllheli Great location Situated in Pwllheli, The Victoria Hotel provides a bar. This 3-star hotel offers free WiFi. At the hotel, all rooms are equipped with a wardrobe and a TV. Show more Show less From CAD 152 per night 7.0 Good 1 review Planning a trip to see the Portmeirion? Check out the latest reviews and scores 2.0 This place in a total waste. This place in a total waste. You will be charged $12 pounds (about $17 US) per person to see buildings you can't enter. There are about five teeny shops and a couple of walks on a beach or through trees. TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!! Show more Show less Caroline United States People are talking about Portmeirion! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "Portmeirion" See all Self Catering Cottage Talsarnau From CAD 169 per night 8.4 Very good 25 reviews The property is very clean and located close to the pub and free parking. The cottage is cosy and comfortable. There are lots of attractions nearby- we visited Portmeirion, waterfalls, small towns, kids’ farm and a local castle. we have spent wonderful few days there and really enjoyed our evenings in front of the wood fire in the cottage. The owner was very accommodating and friendly. We would definitely recommend this place. Show more Show less Olga United Kingdom Estuary Lodge Motel B&B Talsarnau 9.5 Exceptional 316 reviews lovely room and everything you could need,water and milk in fridge for your arrival and topped up as required.breakfast cooked to perfection with plenty of choice,staff very friendly and attentive and lovely atmosphere,lodge well located for Porthmadog and Portmeirion,would definitely recommend Show more Show less Jacqueline United Kingdom Gwelfor Talsarnau From CAD 608 per night 9.7 Exceptional 3 reviews Excellent location, close to local attractions and with onsite parking. Very comfortable and all facilities included. Fantastic views across the estuary to Portmeirion, very scenic! Show more Show less Jonathan United Kingdom The Little Boat House Talsarnau From CAD 213 per night 9.6 Exceptional 80 reviews Welcome drizzle cake View (lovely sunrise) Excellent position to visit Portmeirion and Snowdonia Very well set up for hosting Show more Show less msilingardi United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Pet-Friendly Hotels in Betws-y-coed Looking for pet-friendly hotels in a city near Portmeirion? We’ve got you covered! Luxury Hotels in Harlech Great accommodation options in a nearby city. Hotels in Talsarnau Top hotels to explore Portmeirion and the city at large. Holiday Parks in Wales Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. B&Bs in Gwynedd Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. B&Bs in Snowdonia Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Holiday Homes in North Wales Widen your search and check out the best holiday homes in the surrounding area. Pet-Friendly Hotels in Mid Wales Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in London Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870070