Booking.com:
About Booking.com.
 Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis About Booking.com™ selected Legal Digital Services Act Terms & Conditions How we work Offices worldwide Contact us Press centre Career opportunities Sustainability at Booking.com Add your property Booking.com for Business Extranet login Become an affiliate Supplier Code of Conduct About Booking.com™ Founded in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch startup to one of the world’s leading digital travel companies. Part of Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: BKNG), Booking.com’s mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. By investing in the technology that helps take the friction out of travel, Booking.com seamlessly connects millions of travellers with memorable experiences, a range of transport options and incredible places to stay - from homes to hotels and much more. As one of the world’s largest travel marketplaces for both established brands and entrepreneurs of all sizes, Booking.com enables properties all over the world to reach a global audience and grow their businesses. Booking.com is available in 43 languages and offers more than 28 million total reported accommodation listings, including over 6.6 million listings alone of homes, apartments and other unique places to stay. No matter where you want to go or what you want to do, Booking.com makes it easy and backs it all up with 24/7 customer support. Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by 198 offices in over 70 countries around the world: Accra - Amman - Amsterdam - Antalya - Athens - Atlanta - Auckland - Bangalore - Bangkok - Barcelona - Beijing - Berlin - Bilbao - Bogotá - Bolzano - Bordeaux - Boston - Bratislava - Brisbane - Bristol - Brussels - Bucharest - Budapest - Buenos Aires - Cairo - Calgary - Cambridge - Cancún - Cape Town - Casablanca - Catania - Chengdu - Chicago - Colombo - Copenhagen - Dallas - Denver - Dubai - Dublin - Dubrovnik - Dusseldorf - Edinburgh - Faro - Florence - Frankfurt am Main - Freiburg im Breisgau - Fukuoka - Grand Rapids - Guadalajara - Guangzhou - Haikou - Hamburg - Hanoi - Helsinki - Heraklion - Ho Chi Minh City - Hong Kong - Honolulu - Houston - Innsbruck - Istanbul - İzmir - Jakarta - Jeddah - Jeju - Johannesburg - Kiev - Koh Samui - Krakow - Kuala Lumpur - Kuta (Bali) - Las Palmas de Gran Canaria - Las Vegas - Lille - Lima - Limassol - Lisbon - Ljubljana - London - Los Angeles - Lyon - Madrid - Málaga - Manchester - Manila - Marrakech - Melbourne - Mexico City - Miami - Milan - Montpellier - Montréal - Moscow - Mumbai - Munich - Naha - Nairobi - Natal - New Delhi - New Orleans - New York - Nice - Norwalk - Orlando - Osaka - Oslo - Palma de Mallorca - Panama City - Paris - Phoenix - Phuket - Porto Alegre - Prague - Qingdao - Rennes - Reykjavík - Riga - Rimini - Rio de Janeiro - Rome - Saint Petersburg - Sallanches - Salzburg - San Diego - San Francisco - San Jose - San Juan - Santiago - Santo Domingo - São Paulo - Sapporo - Seattle - Seoul - Seville - Shanghai - Siem Reap - Singapore - Sochi - Sofia - Sorrento - Split - Stockholm - Strasbourg - Sydney - Taipei - Tallinn - Tbilisi - Tel Aviv - Thessaloníki - Tokyo - Toronto - Trabzon - Vancouver - Venice - Verona - Vienna - Vilnius - Warsaw - Washington - Xi'an - Yangon - Yogyakarta - Zagreb - Zurich Booking.com B.V. is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under registration number 31047344. VAT registration number is NL805734958B01. Registration number with Dutch Data Protection Authority is 1288246. What Booking.com offers Incredible choice Whether you want to stay in a chic city apartment, a luxury beach resort or a cosy B&B in the countryside, Booking.com provides you with amazing diversity and breadth of choice - all in one place. Low rates Booking.com guarantees to offer you the best available rates. And with our promise to price match, you can rest assured that you’re always getting a great deal. Instant confirmation At Booking.com, every reservation is instantly confirmed. Once you’ve found your perfect stay, a few clicks are all it takes. No reservation fees We don’t charge you any booking fees or add any administrative charges. And in many cases, your booking can be cancelled free of charge. Secure booking We facilitate hundreds of thousands of transactions every day through our secure platform, and work to the highest standards to guarantee your privacy. For further details, please check our Privacy Statement. 24/7 support Whether you’ve just booked or are already enjoying your trip, our customer experience team are on hand around the clock to answer your questions and advocate on your behalf in more than 40 languages. Make sure to check out our FAQ for travellers. Bringing value to our accommodation partners At Booking.com, we believe that all great properties deserve to be discovered. That’s why we make it quick and easy for accommodation providers all around the world to market their properties, reach new customers and grow their business via our platform. For more information and to list your property on Booking.com, please see our Accommodation Partner Programme and Supplier Code of Conduct. Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account