The 10 best hotels in York, North Yorkshire - Cheap York hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in York Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for York hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom North Yorkshire York Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ York – 150 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates The Grand, York Hotel in York City Centre, York The 5-star Grand Hotel offers stylish rooms and a luxury vaulted spa. Show more 9.1 Superb 8,103 reviews Price fromCAD 367.13per night Check availability Moxy York Hotel in York City Centre, York Featuring a fitness centre, a terrace as well as a bar, Moxy York is located in the centre of York, 700 metres from York Minster. Show more 8.5 Very good 6,221 reviews Price fromCAD 213.45per night Check availability The Churchill Hotel Hotel in York This Georgian mansion is in York city centre. It mixes original features with modern style and facilities, including car parking and free Wi-Fi. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 5,800 reviews Price fromCAD 281.58per night Check availability The Queens Hotel Hotel in York City Centre, York Situated on the banks of the River Ouse, The Queens Hotel is ideally located for the many shops, restaurants and bars that the centre of York has to offer. Show more 8.4 Very good 5,537 reviews Price fromCAD 202.78per night Check availability Lil's On The Waterfront Hotel in York City Centre, York Boasting a bar and a restaurant, Lil's On The Waterfront is situated in York. Around 200 metres from Grand Opera House, the property is also close to York City Walls. Show more 6.8 Pleasant 1,324 reviews Price fromCAD 136.61per night Check availability Hedley House Hotel & Apartments Hotel in York The 3-star Hedley House Hotel & Apartments is situated in a quiet residential area, 500 metres from York Minster and 8-minute walk of York city centre, bus and rail stations. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 1,241 reviews Price fromCAD 206.62per night Check availability No 1 by GuestHouse, York Hotel in York A boutique hotel in the heart of York just a 10-minute walk from York Minster. Show more 9.4 Superb 760 reviews Price fromCAD 331.96per night Check availability New Holgate Hotel in York New Holgate is a stylish hotel concept featuring 12 beautifully styled en suite rooms, with sophisticated dining options and lounge areas, including a Whiskey Lounge. Show more 9.4 Superb 10 reviews Price fromCAD 290.46per night Check availability Clementine's Town House Hotel BW Premier Collection Hotel in York Set in secluded gardens, Clementine's Town House Hotel, BW Premier Collection has free WiFi and characterful rooms. Show more 9.1 Superb 2,098 reviews Price fromCAD 228.99per night Check availability Sandburn Hall Hotel in York Located in York, 13 km from York Minster, Sandburn Hall provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Show more 9.3 Superb 1,494 reviews Price fromCAD 220.28per night Check availability See all 399 hotels in York Cheapest time to stay in York In January you can stay in York for an average price of CA$152 per night CA$308CA$246CA$185CA$123CA$62CA$0 CA$152 Jan CA$186 Feb CA$184 Mar CA$199 Apr CA$198 May CA$215 Jun CA$236 Jul CA$237 Aug CA$228 Sep CA$222 Oct CA$237 Nov CA$240 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in York in the past month See all Radisson Hotel York Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 8.3 Very good · 2,528 reviews Hampton by Hilton York Piccadilly Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 8.5 Very good · 14,058 reviews ibis York Centre Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 7.3 Good · 7,426 reviews The Grand, York Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 9.1 Superb · 8,105 reviews Hampton by Hilton York Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 8.3 Very good · 8,943 reviews Malmaison York Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 8.4 Very good · 7,674 reviews Moxy York Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 8.5 Very good · 6,219 reviews Holiday Inn York, an IHG Hotel Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 7.5 Good · 5,509 reviews Principal York Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 7.8 Good · 5,436 reviews Novotel York Centre Hotel in York Popular with guests booking hotels in York 7.8 Good · 6,133 reviews York's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Indigo York, an IHG Hotel Hotel in York Breakfast options With a high quality fresh design, Hotel Indigo York offers boutique guest rooms in the centre of York. Rooms are air conditioned and free WiFi is accessible throughout. Was good all round value would go again if needed. Avg. price/night: CAD 245.30 8.6 Fabulous · 3,754 reviews The Dean Court Hotel in York Breakfast options Situated in York, 200 metres from York Minster, The Dean Court features accommodation with a private parking. Excellent location, friendly staff, beautiful hotel. Avg. price/night: CAD 442.27 8.7 Fabulous · 2,805 reviews Hedley House Hotel & Apartments Hotel in York Breakfast options The 3-star Hedley House Hotel & Apartments is situated in a quiet residential area, 500 metres from York Minster and 8-minute walk of York city centre, bus and rail stations. Fab location, friendly staff and amazing breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 206.62 8.7 Fabulous · 1,241 reviews The Queens Hotel Hotel in York Breakfast options Situated on the banks of the River Ouse, The Queens Hotel is ideally located for the many shops, restaurants and bars that the centre of York has to offer. Really enjoyed our stay we have rebooked for next year Avg. price/night: CAD 202.78 8.4 Very good · 5,539 reviews Middletons Hotel in York Breakfast options Middletons is a collection of six historical, Grade-II listed building situated around a secluded courtyard garden in the heart of York city centre, 800 metres from York Rail Station and York Minster. Staff were exceptional. Very helpful and friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 264.68 8.6 Fabulous · 2,002 reviews Wheatlands Lodge Hotel Hotel in York Breakfast options Ideally situated, family-run Wheatland Lodge Hotel offers good value accommodation, just a 5-minute walk from York Train Station and a 10-minute walk from York's historic centre. The lovely helpful staff were friendly and made us feel so welcome 8.8 Fabulous · 3,623 reviews Judge's Lodging Hotel in York Breakfast options Judges Lodging is a small, elegant Grade I listed Georgian townhouse that overlooks York Minster. It boasts 2 bars and rooms with free Wi-Fi. Breakfast was lovely, fresh produce. Amazing selection Avg. price/night: CAD 307.37 8.7 Fabulous · 1,318 reviews Radisson Hotel York Hotel in York Breakfast options Radisson Hotel York features modern air-conditioned accommodation, a stylish restaurant and bar, 12 meeting rooms and event facilities. Lovely staff, great decor, comfy bed and ideal location. Avg. price/night: CAD 218.57 8.3 Very good · 2,528 reviews Budget hotels in York See all Hampton by Hilton York Hotel in York Budget Hotel Located overlooking the city’s Roman walls, The Hampton by Hilton York is opposite York Railway Station and a 10-minute walk from the historic centre. Everything matched our expectations and requirements Avg. price/night: CAD 204.88 8.3 Very good · 8,938 reviews Hotel Du Vin & Bistro York Hotel in York Budget Hotel In the Mount area of York, this Hotel du Vin features elegant boutique rooms and a bistro-style restaurant. York’s city centre is only 0.5 miles from this 19th-century, Grade II listed building. Upgrade was a real bonus, lovely room, good parking Avg. price/night: CAD 213.45 8.5 Very good · 1,805 reviews The Minster Hotel Hotel in York Budget Hotel The Minster Hotel offers cooked breakfasts, free WiFi and elegant rooms. Staff very friendly and professional lovely breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 254.43 8.7 Fabulous · 3,029 reviews Holiday Inn York City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in York Budget Hotel Holiday Inn York City Centre is a modern hotel, within the historic city walls. Location was great. Friendly staff. Nice breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 187.84 8.1 Very good · 3,107 reviews Elmbank Hotel - Part of The Cairn Collection Hotel in York Budget Hotel A boutique Art Nouveau hotel in historic York. Minutes from the heart of the city, overlooking the Knavesmire Strays, lies the Elmbank Hotel, a unique 19th-century mansion with a rich history. Attractive building lovely room and very pleasant staff Avg. price/night: CAD 238.21 8.4 Very good · 3,763 reviews Holiday Inn Express York, an IHG Hotel Hotel in York Budget Hotel This hotel is ideally located in a serene and peaceful setting in York, just 2.5 miles from the city centre with free parking and free breakfast. It was clean, tidy and atmospheric with great staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 145.15 8.3 Very good · 2,425 reviews Delta Hotels by Marriott York Hotel in York Budget Hotel Overlooking York Racecourse, the Delta Hotels by Marriott York offers a 24-hour front desk. Parking is available for an extra fees. Very quite location with a nice view over the race course Avg. price/night: CAD 169.39 8.0 Very good · 469 reviews Lil's On The Waterfront Hotel in York Budget Hotel Boasting a bar and a restaurant, Lil's On The Waterfront is situated in York. Around 200 metres from Grand Opera House, the property is also close to York City Walls. very good close to all attractions, staff friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 136.61 6.8 Pleasant · 1,324 reviews Hotels located in the centre of York See all The Vices York Hotel in York Central location The Vices York features free WiFi throughout the property and views of garden in York. The property is around 2.4 km from York Railway station, 2.5 km from York Minster and 34 km from Bramham Park. Daniele and Kate were the most incredibly thoughtful hosts - a truly gorgeous weekend stay 9.8 Exceptional · 10 reviews New Holgate Hotel in York Central location New Holgate is a stylish hotel concept featuring 12 beautifully styled en suite rooms, with sophisticated dining options and lounge areas, including a Whiskey Lounge. Beautiful hotel , fantastic staff immaculately clean Avg. price/night: CAD 290.46 9.4 Superb · 10 reviews Grays Court Hotel Hotel in York Central location With views across York’s medieval walls, Grays Court Hotel is a beautiful historic house with leafy gardens, an intimate restaurant and free Wi-Fi. The location. The ambience of the place The helpful excellent staff 9.3 Superb · 115 reviews Galtres Lodge Hotel & Forest Restaurant Hotel in York Central location Overlooking the spectacular York Minster, this elegant Georgian residence is set in the heart of the historic city centre, just a short stroll away from medieval streets lined with modern boutiques. Very comfy friendly environments the room was amazing Avg. price/night: CAD 247.60 8.8 Fabulous · 1,623 reviews St George's Guest House Hotel in York Central location With free Wi-Fi, parking and home-cooked breakfasts*, St George's Guest House is 400 metres from York's Racecourse. Welcoming staff.. also a very warm & inviting b&b Avg. price/night: CAD 161.37 8.8 Fabulous · 623 reviews Golden Fleece York Hotel in York Central location Golden Fleece York features a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in York. This 3-star hotel offers free WiFi. Everything, very quirky. The breakfast is amazing. 8.7 Fabulous · 784 reviews The Churchill Hotel Hotel in York Central location This Georgian mansion is in York city centre. It mixes original features with modern style and facilities, including car parking and free Wi-Fi. Great value for money in a great location, friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 281.58 8.7 Fabulous · 5,799 reviews B+B York Hotel in York Central location On a quiet tree-lined cul-de-sac, B+B York is a 10-minute stroll from York city centre and offers en-suite rooms, bar/lounge facilities and on-site car parking. Staff very friendly room beautiful and big great breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 251.87 8.7 Fabulous · 3,552 reviews FAQs about hotels in York How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in York? On average, 3-star hotels in York cost CAD 210 per night, and 4-star hotels in York are CAD 243 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in York can on average be found for CAD 360 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in York for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in York this weekend is CAD 465 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 479. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in York for this weekend cost on average around CAD 1,384 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in York for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 226 per night to book a 3-star hotel in York for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 796 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in York will cost around CAD 492 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in York are good for families? Many families visiting York loved staying at New Holgate, Grays Court Hotel and The Tickled Trout Inn Bilton-in-Ainsty. What are the best hotels in York near York Barbican? Some of the best hotels in York near York Barbican include Franklins Apartments, Cocoa Isabella - River fronted with secure parking and The Enchantment Chamber. What are the best hotels to stay in York? Sandburn Hall, Clementine's Town House Hotel BW Premier Collection and The Grand, York are some of the popular hotels in York. What hotels in York offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in York that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Grays Court Hotel, The Tickled Trout Inn Bilton-in-Ainsty and The Minster Hotel. What hotels in York are good for couples? These hotels in York are highly rated by couples: The Vices York, New Holgate and No 1 by GuestHouse, York. What hotels in York have nice views? Middlethorpe Hall & Spa, Grays Court Hotel and Sandburn Hall have received great reviews from travellers in York regarding the views from their hotel rooms. England Through The Ages Although abounding in reminders of the past, York is very much a city for the here and now, with excellent shops, bars and restaurants, many along the River Ouse. Surrounding it are the medieval city walls – the longest and best preserved in England – and many of the gates that once allowed access to the city. Walk the walls for wonderful views towards the city and towering York Minster. Standing proud on a hill, this cavernous church is the seat of the Archbishop of York, the 2nd highest position in the Church of England. A little south is The Shambles, a narrow street with medieval buildings that now house quaint shops. Going further back in time is the Jorvik Centre, a fascinating museum showcasing the city’s Viking remains. You can even have a go at archaeology yourself at the DIG excavation pits, with replica finds from York’s Roman, Viking, medieval and Victorian eras. Other York attractions include the National Railway Museum, home to the Flying Scotsman and Mallard trains. Around 30 minutes’ drive away is Castle Howard, a stately home with over 1000 acres of grounds. Leeds-Bradford Airport is the nearest airport, and there is a great range of hotels, B&Bs and guest houses in York and the outskirts available on Booking.com. Learn more about visiting York 56 attractions 30 points of interest 1 neighbourhood Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about York: 10 Two days of wonderful sightseeing and pure enjoyment. Two days of wonderful sightseeing and pure enjoyment. So much to do . Lots of eateries and great bars. Much history and folk tales! Something for everyone . Really enjoyed the ghost bus and the dungeons MRSKPF United Kingdom 10 York is a great place to visit as there really is something... York is a great place to visit as there really is something for everyone. I have an interest in history, the Roman period especially, so I learned more about the city in that period. It is very easy to get about and there is a huge number and variety of places to eat and drink. The minster is also good to visit or even attend a service. United Kingdom 10 York is easy to walk around, with areas of pedestrian-only... York is easy to walk around, with areas of pedestrian-only access during peak periods. Plenty of interesting local shops as well as some of the usual ones. Two delightful department stores to browse too. Plenty of places to visit, such as York Minster and the Jorvik Centre, which take a surprisingly long time to see everything. One great thing about these attractions is that your ticket is valid for12 months, so always a possibility to come again. York offers a huge range of cafes, bars and restaurants to excite the palate of any visitor. Everywhere seemed to offer vegetarian and vegan options, and lots also offered Halal dishes. York is also very dog-friendly with many locations allowing dogs inside. Saw at least one big hotel which allowed dogs too. Yusuf United Kingdom 10 York is a fantastic city, it has everything for every age,... York is a fantastic city, it has everything for every age, been many times before. Took our grandchildren when they were younger to the JORVIK Viking Centre and the Railway Museum, which they loved. The Christmas Market is great, that is why we went this time and decided to stay overnight, next year it will be two nights at Hampton by Hilton. If going to York you must go to Bettys, you will probably have to queue but it won't be for long and they will bring menu's out for you to peruse while waiting, try the Yorkshire rarebit with choice of pickle, delicious, and finish off with a cake from the cake trolley. Christina United Kingdom 10 The apartment location was brilliant at the centre of bars,... The apartment location was brilliant at the centre of bars, restaurants and historic sites. However we did not have any disturbance as accommodation was set back of Main Street. We done Xmas market, local shops the shambles was amazing especially in the evening the Xmas decs looked lovely. The Minster is beautiful, we went on sight seeing bus that was idea as learnt a lot about history of York. We had food at fancy hanks and little Italy, beautiful food Gillian United Kingdom 10 All sorts to do depending on the weather. All sorts to do depending on the weather. Way too much to list here. We went for the Christmas markets and it was absolutely rammed on Saturday night- busier than the London and Liverpool ones we’ve been to. Great atmosphere. Great pubs and restaurants. Sandra United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in York See all Elmbank Hotel - Part of The Cairn Collection Hotel in York From CAD 129 per night 8.4 Very good 3,763 reviews I really loved the vibe of the whole hotel, the rooms were really quirky, spacious and decorated elegantly and there was a queen sized bed which was super comfy. I thought it was a great touch that the curtains were Velcro taped to the edge of the wall so as it became light the room was in total blackout, because of this my toddler slept like a dream and we all managed to get a lie in. All in all we had a great time here and we’re shocked that it was one of the cheapest places to stay in York at the time of our booking. Show more Show less Kayleigh United Kingdom The Fort York Hotel in York From CAD 169 per night 8.0 Very good 1,118 reviews Absolutely everything else. The girl who walked us to our room was so sweet and helpful. The shared outside stairs and place smelled fresh of paint or remodeling. Our apartment was perfect! Loved that it had a full function kitchen and kitchenware needed for cooking! The bed was so comfy and it was very large! Big flat screen TV was perfect for watching the England game! We won't ever stay anywhere else since finding this place! We'll be longterm customers! Show more Show less Mrs. Nelson United Kingdom B+B York Hotel in York From CAD 131 per night 8.7 Fabulous 3,552 reviews Much more like a hotel than an B&B. Room comfy, warm and clean with tea making facilities. We stayed for the York Marathon and staff kindly put out an earlier continental breakfast so runners could fuel up and get to the start line in time. Breakfast very good, didn't use the bar due to early night but looked cosy and decent drink prices. Great location, about 10-15 minute walk to York City Centre. Show more Show less Helen United Kingdom The Churchill Hotel Hotel in York From CAD 169 per night 8.7 Fabulous 5,800 reviews This is our fifth stay at The Churchill. Our room which was a family room was spacious, very clean, great lighting, decorated to a high standard. Beautiful hotel, very elegant. Staff were very friendly and professional. Restaurant and bar area beautifully decorated. We enjoyed breakfast in the wonderful dining room, very spacious. Only 10 minutes walk to the centre of York. On site paid parking. Show more Show less Christine United Kingdom The Grand, York Hotel in York From CAD 300 per night 9.1 Superb 8,104 reviews Perfect location - easy walk to/from the train station & into York. We stayed in the Roman House part of the hotel in a spacious, modern room. We had breakfast - which was delicious - one morning and drinks in the bar one night, but didn’t have dinner at the hotel. Staff was very nice. All in all it was a great stay - will definitely recommend The Grand to friends traveling to York. Show more Show less Polly United States Holiday Inn York, an IHG Hotel Hotel in York From CAD 109 per night 7.5 Good 5,512 reviews Staff were all very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was very good and food quickly replenished. Restaurant had a lot of choice and the food we had was very good. Location was great. Walk into York about 40 minutes but most days we used the nearby Park & Ride which is a 5 min drive with buses every 10-15 mins into city centre. Staff also provided details of bus stops near the hotel. Show more Show less Ann United Kingdom Churchill Two Bedroom Apartments with Free Parking and The Minster view York From CAD 282 per night 8.5 Very good 387 reviews The manager was very welcoming, explaining how to use all the facilities thoroughly. The location was perfect for accessing the city centre. Having access to an underground secure car park was so a huge drawing card for us. The view of the York Minster from the living room and one bedroom was fantastic. Loved staying in a roomy apartment as oppsed to a room in a hotel. Show more Show less Cameron United Kingdom Hampton by Hilton York Hotel in York From CAD 145 per night 8.3 Very good 8,943 reviews It's a pretty new hotel and is very clean, and in a great location, particularly if you're travelling by train. Near the city walls, and easy to get around on foot to the major places of interest in York. Breakfast good, but very busy between 9 and 10 AM. Our room was very quiet, but we asked for one away from the lifts. Show more Show less Kingdon United Kingdom The Plough Inn York From CAD 234 per night 9.1 Superb 1,026 reviews Great location and beautifully decorated. it had the best bathroom out of all the places we stayed in England. It was right on the bus line and so convenient to get into city center every day. The breakfast was wonderful ever morning. The pub is really nice and the staff is super friendly. We really loved the place. Show more Show less Timothy United States York Pavilion Hotel, Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western Hotel in York From CAD 137 per night 7.5 Good 3,937 reviews Helpful and friendly staff, comfortable bed, nicely decorated room, generous breakfast with lots of choice, electric car charging facilities. There is a pub nearby (The Plough) serving excellent food at reasonable prices. You can easily walk into York city centre from the hotel within 30 minutes along the river. Show more Show less Lydia United Kingdom Clementine's Town House Hotel BW Premier Collection Hotel in York From CAD 121 per night 9.1 Superb 2,098 reviews The room and location were fantastic. Staff were exceptionally helpful. The attached pub was a wonderful place to relax. Although not critical to the stay, the decorating for the hotel and rooms was entertaining. Next time in York, I will definitely book here. Show more Show less DrFranco United States Radisson Hotel York Hotel in York From CAD 152 per night 8.3 Very good 2,528 reviews The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel was clean the rooms were clean too. Very good breakfast! The hotel is perfectly located as it is close to the train station and very close to the city centre with most of York’s attractions! Show more Show less Audrey United Kingdom Fifty Shades York From CAD 203 per night 9.1 Superb 53 reviews We are on a self-drive Holiday in England. This apartment comes with free parking. The apartment is big and clean. Supermarkets, grocery shops, petrol kiosk and restaurants are close-by. Also within walking distance to York old town. Show more Show less Foong Alex Singapore The Dean Court Hotel in York From CAD 169 per night 8.7 Fabulous 2,806 reviews Full of character. Excellent location to railway station and York city centre. Very helpful accommodating staff! The location and the crew made up for the far too obvious cut backs in the extras you expect from a hotel like this. Show more Show less Linda Sweden The Minster Hotel Hotel in York From CAD 135 per night 8.7 Fabulous 3,032 reviews Very close to Center of York AND WITH PARKING !! We booked through Booking.com as slightly cheaper but car parking £7 per night . We were informed parking would have been free if booked with Hotel directly.. Show more Show less Tracy United Kingdom Hampton by Hilton York Piccadilly Hotel in York From CAD 150 per night 8.5 Very good 14,058 reviews Stayed at this hotel with a friend for our annual Christmas shopping trip in York. We were so impressed with the hotel and location to the centre shops and restaurants that we intend to book for next year. Show more Show less Gillian United Kingdom Novotel York Centre Hotel in York From CAD 137 per night 7.8 Good 6,135 reviews Excellent location, only a 10 minute walk into York City centre. Hotel was very clean and the family room was spacious. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Would highly recommend for leisure or work. Show more Show less Katie United Kingdom Guy Fawkes Inn, Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western York From CAD 152 per night 7.8 Good 1,053 reviews This may have been the cutest hotel room I’ve ever stayed in! Large room with four poster bed. Perfect location across from York Minster. Bed was comfy. Bathroom was spotlessly clean and modern. Show more Show less Elizabeth United States Malmaison York Hotel in York From CAD 143 per night 8.4 Very good 7,680 reviews modern hotel in a fantastic location for city centre. great views of York Minster Show more Show less Diane Isle of Man Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels with Parking in York Explore more great accommodation options in York, starting with hotels with parking. B&Bs in York More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in York More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in London Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels in Edinburgh Discover another destination in the United Kingdom. Hotels near Leeds Bradford International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Humberside Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Hotels near First Direct Arena Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Headingley Stadium Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in York Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760,1846890,1833870,1847760|3,1866460,1870380|3,1870380,1870380|7,1871440