The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Stockholm, Sweden - Stockholm hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Stockholm Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Stockholm hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Sweden Stockholm county Stockholm Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Stockholm – 368 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Hotel Birger Jarl 4 stars Hotel in Vasastan, Stockholm The stylish Hotel Birger Jarl is 300 metres from Rådmansgatan Metro Station and the Stockholm Observatory. It offers traditional Swedish cuisine and free Wi-Fi. Erick Adonay Italy Everything was good and the breakfast was perfect Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 8,070 reviews Price from CAD 94 per night Check availability Hotel Fridhem 3 stars Hotel in Kungsholmen, Stockholm Located by Fridhemsplan Metro Station in Kungsholmen, Hotel Fridhem is within 20 minutes’ walk of Stockholm Central Station. All rooms feature a flat-screen TV and free wired internet. Marina Ukraine Friendly staff Clean and convenient Show more Show less 7.8 Good 2,307 reviews Price from CAD 149 per night Check availability Wasa Park Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Vasastan, Stockholm Set in a 1920s building by the Vasa Park in central Stockholm, 100 metres from St. Eriksplan Metro Station. It offers rooms with private or shared bathrooms. Free WiFi access is available. Vai Seng Malaysia location is just a few steps to metro train station. bus from airport stops also a few steps from the hotel. A nice park with ping pong table was also a few more steps away. Great breakfast was definitely few steps away from our room! 😁 Show more Show less 7.9 Good 2,597 reviews Price from CAD 110 per night Check availability The Studio Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Kista, Stockholm Located in Stockholm, 6.7 km from Friends Arena, The Studio Hotel provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. Ahmed Oman location, clean, friendly staff Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 1,558 reviews Price from CAD 115 per night Check availability Bank Hotel, a Member of Small Luxury Hotels 5 stars Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Bank hotel is set in central Stockholm, a few minutes' walk from Strandvägen and Stureplan in the Östermalm district. Bob Netherlands Really nice hotel with a great bar and even an amazing breakfast on a central location within Stockholm! Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,287 reviews Price from CAD 324 per night Check availability Sure Hotel by Best Western Spånga 3 stars Hotel in Spånga - Tensta, Stockholm This budget hotel is 3 minutes’ drive from the E18 and 10 minutes from the E4 motorway. It offers free private parking, a 24-hour reception and a late bar. Pooja India The property is neat, clean rooms, staff is very helpful. Breakfast is good. Though the location is little outside the city but it’s well connected with train. All u need is SL app for travel in Stockholm. Overall experience was superb! Best is safe for Solo travellers. Cheers! Show more Show less 7.4 Good 1,008 reviews Price from CAD 69 per night Check availability Forenom Aparthotel Stockholm Bromma 3 stars Hotel in Bromma, Stockholm Forenom Aparthotel Stockholm Bromma offers functional, self-catering rooms with a kitchenette and free WiFi. Central Stockholm can be reached in 30 minutes by public transport. Mante New Zealand The place was nice neat, clean and quiet. Show more Show less 7.5 Good 880 reviews Price from CAD 89 per night Check availability Mornington Hotel Bromma 4 stars Hotel in Bromma, Stockholm This hotel is located in Bromma, only 15 minutes’ drive from central Stockholm and 2 km from Bromma Airport. It offers a sauna with a view, excellent fitness facilities and free WiFi. rachel United Kingdom Quirky and clean. Old biscuit factory Show more Show less 7.9 Good 659 reviews Price from CAD 97 per night Check availability Ett Hem 5 stars Hotel in Östermalm, Stockholm Situated on Östermalm, 1.9 km from Sergels torg square and Stockholm city centre, Ett Hem is a 5-star hotel with a restaurant, bar, fitness centre and sauna. Elizabeth United States it’s beautiful and cozy, friendly and charming, and the rooms are nicely sized. good delicious and staff friendly and helpful Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 187 reviews Price from CAD 647 per night Check availability Åkeshofs Slott 3 stars Hotel in Bromma, Stockholm Set in quiet surroundings, this 17th-century castle is just 50 metres from Åkeshov Metro Station. It offers tastefully decorated rooms with free WiFi access and private bathrooms. Constanze Germany super friendly staff! it’s been a pleasure to have a chat. incredible breakfast for vegetarians with vegan options. dinner was very good and nicely prepared. super nice getaway for a weekend trip. pet friendly. super short distance to the subway. great outdoors for a short hike. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 279 reviews Price from CAD 155 per night Check availability See all 209 hotels in Stockholm Most booked hotels in Stockholm in the past month See all Radisson Blu Royal Viking Hotel, Stockholm Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 8.2 Very good · 16,711 reviews Clarion Hotel Stockholm Hotel in Södermalm, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 8.0 Very good · 11,244 reviews Radisson Blu Waterfront Hotel, Stockholm Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 8.6 Fabulous · 11,571 reviews Hotel Birger Jarl Hotel in Vasastan, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 8.3 Very good · 8,058 reviews Quality Hotel Globe Hotel in Enskede - Årsta - Vantör, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 7.8 Good · 7,106 reviews Thon Partner Hotel Kungsbron Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 7.7 Good · 8,308 reviews Park Inn by Radisson Stockholm Hammarby Sjöstad Hotel in Södermalm, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 7.8 Good · 6,148 reviews Blique by Nobis, Stockholm, a Member of Design Hotels™ Hotel in Vasastan, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 8.6 Fabulous · 4,175 reviews Clarion Hotel Amaranten Hotel in Kungsholmen, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 8.0 Very good · 8,110 reviews Best Western Plus Time Hotel Hotel in Vasastan, Stockholm Popular with guests booking hotels in Stockholm 8.6 Fabulous · 5,557 reviews Stockholm's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Skeppsholmen, Stockholm, a Member of Design Hotels Hotel in Stockholm Breakfast options Set in a charming 1690s building on a peaceful city island, this design hotel is 300 metres from Moderna Museum. All rooms offer flat-screen TV and park or sea views. Location was exceptional, breakfast & dinner great. Avg. price/night: CAD 296.42 9.0 Superb · 1,377 reviews Blique by Nobis, Stockholm, a Member of Design Hotels™ Hotel in Vasastan, Stockholm Breakfast options Located in Stockholm, 2.8 km from Brunnsviksbadet Beach, Blique by Nobis, Stockholm, a Member of Design Hotels™ provides accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a garden and a terrace. Great atmosphere, good bars and restaurants. Good bed. Avg. price/night: CAD 154.04 8.6 Fabulous · 4,175 reviews The Studio Hotel Hotel in Stockholm Breakfast options Located in Stockholm, 6.7 km from Friends Arena, The Studio Hotel provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. beds, interrior, breakfast, terrace, gym and sauna Avg. price/night: CAD 153.19 8.5 Very good · 1,558 reviews Elite Hotel Carolina Tower Hotel in Stockholm Breakfast options Elite Hotel Carolina Tower is situated in Hagastaden next to the Karolinska Institute and Karolinska University Hospital. Super helpful staff, very nice room, great breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 161.03 8.7 Fabulous · 2,659 reviews Downtown Camper by Scandic Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Breakfast options Downtown Camper by Scandic is centrally located in Stockholm, just 8 minutes' walk from Stockholm Central Station. good location and good decoration in the room and hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 176.43 8.6 Fabulous · 6,953 reviews At Six Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Breakfast options This modern design hotel is centrally located in Stockholm, and features a restaurant with international cuisine, wine bar with outdoor terrace and a well-equipped gym open 24-hours. The facilities were very good. Breakfast was superb. Avg. price/night: CAD 298.36 8.7 Fabulous · 2,565 reviews Hellstens Glashus Hotel in Södermalm, Stockholm Breakfast options Hellstens Glashus is located in the vibrant Södermalm district in Stockholm. Gamla Stan, Stockholm's Old Town, is a 15-minute walk away. Friendly staff, clean room, wide bed, good breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 154.04 8.2 Very good · 2,433 reviews Haymarket by Scandic Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Breakfast options Opened in May 2016, Haymarket by Scandic is an art-deco themed hotel situated next to Hötorget Square in central Stockholm. The rooms are beautiful and the location is very good. Avg. price/night: CAD 175.26 8.3 Very good · 5,646 reviews Budget hotels in Stockholm See all Livington Hotel Hotel in Stockholm Budget Hotel A newly opened hotel, Livington Hotel in Stockholm, August 5 2021. Attractively situated in Vällingby in the west part of Stockholm. Evrything is great, irecommend it, the metro is nearby. Avg. price/night: CAD 143.18 8.6 Fabulous · 2,893 reviews Comfort Hotel Kista Hotel in Stockholm Budget Hotel Featuring a fitness centre, Comfort Hotel Kista is set in Kista, Stockholm. The property provides free WiFi and cabled internet. Amazing breakfast, well connected with the city center Avg. price/night: CAD 138.44 8.1 Very good · 1,114 reviews Motel L Stockholm Älvsjö Hotel in Älvsjö, Stockholm Budget Hotel This hotel is situated in Älvsjö, 500 metres from Stockholmsmassan Exhibition & Congress Centre. It offers free WiFi and a lobby bar. Central Stockholm is 10 minutes away by commuter train. Close to the train station and the big meeting centre. Avg. price/night: CAD 94.07 8.3 Very good · 2,443 reviews Hobo Hotel Stockholm Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Budget Hotel This central Stockholm hotel is just 200 metres from Sergels Torg Square and 500 metres from Kungsträgården Park. Super location. Great breakfast. Nice bar on the top Avg. price/night: CAD 155.46 8.6 Fabulous · 2,671 reviews Best Western and hotel Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Budget Hotel Best Western and hotel offers modern and compact accommodation in central Stockholm. The hotel has a fitness centre with a sauna, while food and refreshments are offered at the restaurant and bar. Excellent location, clean rooms, and friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 133.32 8.0 Very good · 6,181 reviews Castle House Inn Hotel in Gamla stan, Stockholm Budget Hotel Castle House Inn is located right in the heart of Stockholm's Old Town, only a 3 minutes' walk to the Royal Palace. Free WiFi access is available. The location is great, walking distance to Gamla stan Avg. price/night: CAD 104.52 8.2 Very good · 4,689 reviews Motel L Hammarby Sjöstad Hotel in Södermalm, Stockholm Budget Hotel Located in the Hammarby Sjöstad district of Stockholm, this hotel offers free gym access and modern rooms with colourful décor and 40-inch LED-TVs. Mårtensdal Tram Station is right outside the hotel. Hotel it’s so beautiful! Nice locations and staff ! Avg. price/night: CAD 94.07 8.3 Very good · 4,664 reviews Best Western Plus Sthlm Bromma Hotel in Bromma, Stockholm Budget Hotel Located by Bromma Airport, this hotel provides rooms with flat-screen TVs, tea/coffee facilities and air conditioning. Gym and sauna access, Wi-Fi and parking are free. Very good breakfast. Excellent lounge area on 4th floor! Avg. price/night: CAD 114.94 8.3 Very good · 2,751 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Stockholm See all Hotel Sven Vintappare Hotel in Gamla stan, Stockholm Central location Housed in an early 17th-century building in the heart of Stockholm’s Old Town, Hotel Sven Vintappare offers rooms with flat-screen TVs and Gustavian-style furnishings. Lovely quirkly place, spacious room, great location Avg. price/night: CAD 280.76 8.9 Fabulous · 596 reviews Victory Hotel Hotel in Gamla stan, Stockholm Central location Situated in Stockholm’s picturesque Old Town, Collector's Victory Hotel is 2 minutes’ walk from Gamla Stan Metro Station. Its uniquely decorated rooms have a flat-screen TV and heated bathroom floors. The hotel was very beautiful and cozy and we really enjoyed the breakfast! Avg. price/night: CAD 230.66 8.9 Fabulous · 1,665 reviews Hotel Kungsträdgården Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Central location Opened in January 2015, Hotel Kungsträdgården is housed in a fully-renovated 18th century building in central Stockholm. staff were excellent, especially Kiki the concierge Avg. price/night: CAD 420.56 8.8 Fabulous · 859 reviews Hotel With Urban Deli Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Central location This trendy hotel is located 1 floor below the popular Urban Deli restaurant and marketplace in central Stockholm. Hotel is at the perfect location plus delicious breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 154.68 8.8 Fabulous · 4,171 reviews Elite Eden Park Hotel Hotel in Östermalm, Stockholm Central location Overlooking Humlegården Park, just a few minutes’ walk from Stureplan Square, this modern design hotel has a gourmet restaurant and a Gastropub named GOMA. Location, staff & accommodation were all excellent. Avg. price/night: CAD 207.88 8.7 Fabulous · 1,746 reviews Hôtel Reisen in The Unbound Collection by Hyatt Hotel in Gamla stan, Stockholm Central location Situated on the water front in Old Town, this hotel is 150 metres from the Royal Palace. Great suite with waterfront view and lounge plus a lobby Avg. price/night: CAD 311.44 8.7 Fabulous · 1,589 reviews Radisson Blu Waterfront Hotel, Stockholm Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Central location This city center hotel is next to the Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre and the Central Station. It offers free Wi-Fi and gym access, fine dining and panoramic city views. Super comfortable rooms, great location, polite staff Avg. price/night: CAD 204.52 8.6 Fabulous · 11,571 reviews Miss Clara by Nobis, Stockholm, a Member of Design Hotels™ Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm Central location This hotel is 2 minutes’ walk from Drottninggatan shopping street in central Stockholm. It offers modern and tastefully decorated rooms with a flat-screen TV, bathrobes and free WiFi access. Fantastic room, excellent location and helpful, informative staff! Avg. price/night: CAD 322.31 8.6 Fabulous · 677 reviews FAQs about hotels in Stockholm How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Stockholm? On average, 3-star hotels in Stockholm cost CAD 153 per night, and 4-star hotels in Stockholm are CAD 239 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Stockholm can on average be found for CAD 398 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Stockholm for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Stockholm this weekend is CAD 203 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 263. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Stockholm for this weekend cost on average around CAD 592 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Stockholm for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 174 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Stockholm for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 318 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Stockholm will cost around CAD 478 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Stockholm are good for families? Many families visiting Stockholm loved staying at Ett Hem, Hotel Rival and Lydmar Hotel. What are the best hotels in Stockholm near Ericsson Globe? Some of the best hotels in Stockholm near Ericsson Globe include Quality Hotel Globe, Biz Apartment Hammarby Sjöstad and Motel L Hammarby Sjöstad. What are the best hotels in Stockholm near Stockholm Arlanda Airport? Travellers who stayed in Stockholm near Stockholm Arlanda Airport (ARN) have said good things about Radisson Blu Airport Terminal Hotel, Comfort Hotel Arlanda Airport Terminal and Clarion Hotel Arlanda Airport Terminal. What are the best hotels to stay in Stockholm? Hotel Frantz, WorldHotels Crafted, Grand Hôtel Stockholm and Hotel Rival are some of the popular hotels in Stockholm. What hotels in Stockholm offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Stockholm that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Ett Hem, Hotel Ruth, WorldHotels Crafted and Hotel Frantz, WorldHotels Crafted. What hotels in Stockholm are good for couples? These hotels in Stockholm are highly rated by couples: Ett Hem, Lydmar Hotel and Hotel Skeppsholmen, Stockholm, a Member of Design Hotels. What hotels in Stockholm have nice views? Ett Hem, Hotel Skeppsholmen, Stockholm, a Member of Design Hotels and Lydmar Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Stockholm regarding the views from their hotel rooms. A Natural Beauty Modern Stockholm is uniquely made up of 30% waterways and another 30% of parks and green spaces. It’s spread across 14 islands and is both one of the world’s cleanest and most charming capitals. Stockholm’s famously huge number of museums includes the Naturhistoriska riksmuseet, the Moderna Museet and the Spritmuseum. City Hall hosts the famous Nobel Prize banquet and the Vasamuseet hosts the 300 year old Vasa warship. The city’s past can be felt in Gamla Stan – Stockholm’s stunning Old Town with medieval layout, cobblestone streets and the Baroque-style Royal Palace. Designer Swedish clothes and interior decorations abound in the many unique stores throughout the city. For a day away, ferries reveal the stunning Stockholm archipelago, a group of thousands of islands and rocks where you can enjoy hiking, outdoor swimming and fishing. Whether you fly to Arlanda, Bromma, Skavsta or Västerås Airports, the city centre can be reached by either train or airport coach. Booking.com offers a wide choice of accommodations for your Stockholm holiday, from modern hotels, to unique botels and affordable hostels. Learn more about visiting Stockholm 95 attractions 60 points of interest 21 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Stockholm: 10 The trip exceeded our expectations. The trip exceeded our expectations. The city is great, very clean and well maintained. Many attractions and views. A 4-day trip can cover most of the attractions but you should add an extra 1-2 days to visit more of what the city can offer ( boat trips, museums). The Ship Hotels are a great choice to stay offering a unique experience. We visited in November when is less crowded, but you should consider that the temperatures are a bit lower than summer and also sunset is around 15 00 - 16 00. Still Stockholm by night is amazing. Ciprian Margarint Romania 10 Stockholm is a diverse city in terms of it's preserved... Stockholm is a diverse city in terms of it's preserved heritage in Gamla Stan and the modern design in areas such as Vasastan. There are many museums ranging from photography to history/culture, as well as being the home of the Nobel Prize to which there is a museum dedicated to that as well. Getting to the city from the airport is a breeze with the train, then getting around the city on their metro system was efficient and safe. One of our favorite activities was winter kayaking out of Vaxholm, as well as a day trip to Skansen to learn about the heritage and history of the Swedes. We went during the American Thanksgiving week and enjoyed the Christmas markets in both Gamla Stan and Skansen as the goods being sold were handmade and represented artisans from different regions of the country. Kathleen United States 10 Very well maintained city. Very well maintained city. Quite safe, neat and clean to move around. Public transport is quite good and map is well displayed. Easy to travel without any guidance from anyone. When you choose taxis choose only Stockholm Taxi no other transport company. M Sweden 10 We loved exploring Gamla stan and Djurgården. We loved exploring Gamla stan and Djurgården. The Vasa Museum and Skansen open-air museum were excellent and must-visits. There were many excellent bars and 'pubs' dotted about Södermalm, Gamla stan and Vasastan. We enjoyed the touristy shopping along Västerlånggatan and Stora Nygatan, with more cultural boutiques along Österlånggatan, all in Gamla stan. Busier shopping along Drottninggatan. Pretty cafes in Stortorget. Many boat cruises available to tour the archipelago. The metro was so easy to use. Many of the stations have some quite elaborate are installations so re worth checking out! Almost everywhere are card-only but some restaurants etc. take cash too. Food and drink, particularly wine, is very expensive when eating out. Cheaper to buy hotdogs in a Pressbyrån. To purchase alcohol for home consumption you must shop in a Systembolaget before 7pm or earlier but they are great shops. Matthew United Kingdom 10 We very much enjoyed visiting Stockholm and would love to... We very much enjoyed visiting Stockholm and would love to return. The people were friendly, the city is relatively clean (i.e., compared to other large cities), the transportation system is exceptional, and despite what we had heard about the high cost of living in Sweden, we found that hotels, restaurants, cafes, etc. were reasonably priced. (Admittedly, we did not have- or want- any high end/"fine dining" experiences.) We were there for three nights and could have easily spent a week without coming close to running out of things to see and do. Richard United States 10 Quintessential old European city with beautiful architecture... Quintessential old European city with beautiful architecture and little cobblestone streets to explore. Full of charm and plenty of things to do and see! We only explore Gamla Stan and felt like we could do another day or two there and then explore beyond. The Merry Few United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Stockholm See all Park Inn by Radisson Stockholm Hammarby Sjöstad Hotel in Södermalm, Stockholm From CAD 108 per night 7.8 Good 6,148 reviews We stayed at the hotel for period of our visit to Stockholm. We found out hotel very well positioned as we travel every day into city center via ferry line (Emelie) from dock few minutes’ walk from hotel. We really enjoyed it. We had a cozy room in 13th floor equipped with everything needed. Breakfast is exceptional with broad selection of quality food. Staff at the reception and in breakfast restaurant is kind and professional. Hotel has their own parking garage. Show more Show less Rajko Slovenia Viking Line ferry Viking Glory - Mini-cruise from Stockholm Södermalm, Stockholm From CAD 93 per night 9.1 Superb 17 reviews Probably one of my best traveling experience ever. It was the first time i entered in a vessel. It was amazing! Everyone should do this. Sleeping in a (very big!!!) boat was the best choice. It is a luxury hotel with the best view of your life. Live music and concerts, very good restaurants, great staff. A 4 bed cabine is a very cheap solution to all this experience. The landscape of the archipelago along stockholm is breathtaking. Everything was perfect. Show more Show less Pedro Cortez dos Santos Portugal ProfilHotels Nacka Hotel in Stockholm From CAD 115 per night 8.7 Fabulous 1,670 reviews All well, good breakfast buffet. For everyone not entirely familiar with the Stockholm area: the property is located in Nacka, which is only about 10-15 minutes by car from central stockholm. Currently, there is building work around this area, so best check how to get on to the main road(s) leading up to the (visibly fairly prominent) multi-storied building. Parking is in front of the building and the hotel are very accomodating to help out. Show more Show less Aditya Germany Crystal Plaza Hotel Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm From CAD 92 per night 7.5 Good 4,490 reviews I’m from Stockholm and grow up in this area. This hotel has by far one of the best location in the city centre. You have shops, coffee places, take outs, Resto, etc! all just a stone cast away. I love the location. You can use the sauna when you want , just remember that it takes ca 10 minutes for it to warm up, and to book your time slot. The showers are great. The beds are great. It’s quite. Staff are very friendly. Show more Show less A-F Buzz United Kingdom Hotel Birger Jarl Hotel in Vasastan, Stockholm From CAD 94 per night 8.3 Very good 8,070 reviews I travelled with my sister who values comfort a lot. The hotel is simply one of the best in Stockholm - it is perfectly located, has an amazing friendly staff, clean and comfy rooms, delicious breakfast and has all necessary facilities (restaurant, gym, etc). Moreover, the hotel is sustainable which is great! I would definitely stay here during my next trip - LOVE IT! Show more Show less Olga Ukraine Mälardrottningen Yacht Hotel & Restaurant Gamla stan, Stockholm From CAD 118 per night 8.6 Fabulous 3,995 reviews The hotel is centrally located in Stockholm, very easy to reach and offers a fantastic view of the city from the water. The interior is characteristic with unique furniture. The staff is really very kind and willing to give advice and suggestions on how to visit the city at its best. Excellent cleaning of the hotel and rooms. Good international breakfast Show more Show less Yukiraines Italy Clarion Hotel Stockholm Hotel in Södermalm, Stockholm From CAD 99 per night 8.0 Very good 11,254 reviews Great breakfast with a variety of foods. Hotel is right next to Skanstull metro station and 20 mins walk into Gamla Stan. Room was nice and spacious (around 20 sq metres) and clean as well as quiet. Great value for money considering this is Stockholm and for the same price you can get nice hotels in the center but the rooms can be like 8 sq metres etc! Show more Show less Jayendra Spain Clarion Hotel Sign Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm From CAD 155 per night 8.1 Very good 7,873 reviews Probably the best hotel I've been to in Stockholm. 1 minute from the central station, rooms looking at a very nice park. Comfy rooms with different designer furniture on each floor. Amazingly friendly staff, great breakfast, and all that at a reasonable price. 10/10 Show more Show less Hrvoje Cop Croatia Den Röda Båten Södermalm, Stockholm From CAD 61 per night 7.7 Good 3,980 reviews The best accommodation in booking.com! Very genuine, original and so different from any other hotel or hostel. Rooms are warm and cozy with an adjustable heater. Breakfast was exceptional and very affordable price. Located next to the most beautiful area in Stockholm. Show more Show less Manuel Mexico Generator Stockholm Norrmalm, Stockholm From CAD 25 per night 8.0 Very good 11,622 reviews Location is very close to city center train station. Rooms bed arrangements was great. Most budget full & affordable place to live in heart of Stockholm also very safe area. Don't miss it. Hotel Staff's are great & helpful. Just Amazing experience Show more Show less Rahat Musharraf Italy Radisson Blu Waterfront Hotel, Stockholm Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm From CAD 159 per night 8.6 Fabulous 11,571 reviews This is the best located hotel in Stockholm. You get a train straight from the airport to the hotel and literally cross 20meters from station into the hotel its phenomenal. Get a premium room with panoramic views of the waterfront and City Hall. Show more Show less Iona United Kingdom At Six Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm From CAD 232 per night 8.7 Fabulous 2,565 reviews Perfect value for the perfect location and great design. The hotel maybe located on the best spot of Stockholm for myself. Had the great views of the city from the room. Loved the gym/spa. would enjoy staying here again. Show more Show less OmerE Turkey Mornington Hotel Stockholm Hotel in Östermalm, Stockholm From CAD 130 per night 8.2 Very good 4,543 reviews Smaller more intimate hotel- not a luxury hotel by any means, but warm and welcoming and great staff. Also very good location, great walkable street close to the things we wanted to see. Take note that we walk everywhere! Show more Show less Jill Canada Crafoord Place Hostel Vasastan, Stockholm From CAD 26 per night 8.1 Very good 614 reviews Great location Amazing city view from all different areas of the hostel The staffs is extremely friendly and helpful Clean and tidy, love that you cannot use shoes inside the area Best hostel in stockholm for sure Show more Show less Tony.Nomadic United States Lady Hamilton Hotel Hotel in Gamla stan, Stockholm From CAD 181 per night 8.5 Very good 1,546 reviews EVERYTHING! Beautiful, unique hotel right in Gamla Stan. The staff were beyond helpful and sweet. The cherry on top was the sauna and the tasty breakfast spread. I will stay here every time I visit Stockholm. Show more Show less Valerie United States Scandic Grand Central Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm From CAD 117 per night 8.1 Very good 3,543 reviews Wonderful hotel in a great location near the train station. It was clean, well designed and the breakfast buffet was the absolute best in my nine weeks of European travel this year. Highly recommend! Show more Show less Marlea United States Scandic Continental Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm From CAD 135 per night 8.4 Very good 4,624 reviews The breakfast was wonderful. It was probably one of the best hotel breakfasts I have had! Show more Show less Alicia-Juliet Sweden Sheraton Stockholm Hotel Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm From CAD 195 per night 8.0 Very good 4,774 reviews breakfast is ok, however there is a big room to improve to match the 5 star hotel level. Show more Show less zhongxiang Sweden Thon Partner Hotel Kungsbron Hotel in Norrmalm, Stockholm From CAD 96 per night 7.7 Good 8,303 reviews probably the best breakfast of all hotels in Stockholm Show more Show less Rob Netherlands Hotel Rival Hotel in Södermalm, Stockholm From CAD 246 per night 9.1 Superb 1,583 reviews Best hotel in Stockholm ! Show more Show less Dorte Denmark Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hostels in Stockholm Explore more great accommodation options in Stockholm, starting with hostels. Spa Hotels in Stockholm More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Stockholm More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Uppsala Find more hotels in a city close to Uppsala. Hotels in Arlanda Find more hotels in a city close to Arlanda. Hotels near Friends Arena Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Stockholmsmassan Exhibition & Congress Centre Search and compare hotels close to Stockholmsmassan Exhibition & Congress Centre, a popular destination just outside Stockholm. Hotels in Södermalm Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Stockholm City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Stockholm Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870380|7,1847760|3,1847760,1833870,1866460,1870380,1870380|3,1846890