The Best Phuket Province Hotels – Where To Stay in and around Phuket Province, Thailand Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Phuket Province, Thailand Enter your dates and choose from 3,892 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Thailand Phuket Province Check out these popular cities in Phuket Province Patong Beach 1082 hotels Phuket Town 562 hotels Nai Yang Beach 199 hotels Karon Beach 287 hotels Kata Beach 307 hotels Kamala Beach 419 hotels Bang Tao Beach 541 hotels Mai Khao Beach 83 hotels Rawai Beach 758 hotels Chalong 178 hotels Surin Beach 179 hotels Panwa Beach 58 hotels Stay in Phuket Province's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates HOMA Phuket Town 4 stars Hotel in Phuket Town Located in Phuket Town, 3.6 km from Thai Hua Museum, HOMA Phuket Town provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. The food is good and the ambience excellent. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,019 reviews Price from CAD 129 per night Check availability Three Monkeys Villas 5 stars Hotel in Nanai Road, Patong Beach Situated in Patong Beach, 1.9 km from Patong Beach, Three Monkeys Villas features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking and a fitness centre. The staff are incredibly kind and helpful. Great value for money considering its 5 star living. Staff will return a message instantly for food, booking a taxi, just about anything really. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 146 reviews Price from CAD 424 per night Check availability La Piccola Kata 3 stars Hotel in Kata Beach La Piccola Kata in Kata Beach features 3-star accommodation with a restaurant and a bar. This 3-star hotel offers room service. Certain units at the property include a balcony with a mountain view. Great service! Room was really. The owner of the place was really nice, always attentive if we needed something. Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 100 reviews Price from CAD 65 per night Check availability BAAN 125 STAY Phuket 3 stars Hotel in Old Town, Phuket Town Set in Phuket Town and within 700 metres of Thai Hua Museum, BAAN 125 STAY Phuket has a terrace, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi. Very nice decorated and spacious. Location is in the middle of old town, very convinient to explore the old town. Show more Show less 9 Superb 164 reviews Price from CAD 156 per night Check availability Le Cartier Hotel in Patong Beach Le Cartier provides air-conditioned rooms in Patong. Private parking. Guest rooms at the hotel are equipped with a seating area. Beautiful boutique hotel walking distance to beach, boxing and more. Hotel has option for in house scooter rental which we took advantage of to see all the other beaches as well as old town Phuket. Really enjoyed our stay. Staff is awesome. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 131 reviews Price from CAD 135 per night Check availability The Pace Phuket Boutique Resort 4 stars Hotel in Rawai Beach Located in Rawai Beach, less than 1 km from Mu Ban Tan Khu Beach, The Pace Phuket Boutique Resort provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Super clean room, nice swimming pool, comfortable beds, simple delicious breakfast. Massage, hair salon, nails salon, restaurants are in short distance. Show more Show less 9 Superb 141 reviews Price from CAD 156 per night Check availability Aim House Hotel in Patong Beach Located in Patong Beach, less than 1 km from Patong Beach, Aim House features rooms with city views and free WiFi. Super friendly staff, super powerful Air conditioners Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 166 reviews Price from CAD 37 per night Check availability V Villas Phuket, MGallery 5 stars Hotel in Panwa Beach Located in Panwa Beach, 400 metres from Ao Yon Beach, V Villas Phuket, MGallery provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. Everything and every details in this place is exceptional. The villa and the 100% private pool. The jacuzi and the floating breakfast. The concierge specially Mr.Jack were very friendly and helpful. Joy and Sor in the SPA were just excellent. I enjoyed the v signature massage. I will definitly come back.. Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 265 reviews Price from CAD 1,297 per night Check availability Kata White Villas 3 stars Hotel in Kata Beach Set in Kata Beach and with Kata Beach reachable within 100 metres, Kata White Villas offers express check-in and check-out, allergy-free rooms, a garden, free WiFi throughout the property and a... Location to the beach was great and the view from our balcony was amazing. Bankie and Jackie were so helpful and a pleasure. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 207 reviews Price from CAD 142 per night Check availability Lady Naya Villas - SHA Extra Plus 5 stars Hotel in Rawai Beach Lady Naya Villas - SHA Extra Plus has an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre, a garden and shared lounge in Rawai Beach. This 5-star hotel offers room service and a concierge service. The owners and staff are amazing! They are very welcoming and extremely helpful. We loved our stay because of them. The villas and pool are good and the location is central making it easy to get to many of the great places with a scooter. Show more Show less 9 Superb 444 reviews Price from CAD 154 per night Check availability See all 4,216 hotels in Phuket Province Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Phuket Province with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Pacific Club Resort 4 stars Hotel in Karon Beach 22 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Pen Villa Hotel, Surin Beach - SHA Extra Plus 3 stars Hotel in Surin Beach 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Marriott's Mai Khao Beach - Phuket 5 stars Hotel in Mai Khao Beach 4 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 Kata Tranquil Villa - SHA Plus 3 stars Hotel in Karon Beach 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 WOO Gallery & Boutique hotel Hotel in Old Town, Phuket Town 24 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 beHOME Phuket 3 stars Hotel in Nai Yang Beach 6 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 V Villas Phuket, MGallery 5 stars Hotel in Panwa Beach 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 HOMA Phuket Town 4 stars Hotel in Phuket Town 22 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Aim House Hotel in Patong Beach 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Three Monkeys Villas 5 stars Hotel in Nanai Road, Patong Beach 9 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 See all Most booked hotels in Phuket Province in the past month See all Novotel Phuket Resort 4 stars Hotel in Patong Beach Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 7.8 Good 909 reviews The Royal Paradise Hotel & Spa - SHA Extra Plus 4 stars Hotel in Patong Beach Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 7.8 Good 3,508 reviews Baan Laimai Beach Resort & Spa - SHA Extra Plus 4 stars Hotel in Patong Beach Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 8.0 Very good 3,784 reviews Patong Heritage Hotel Phuket - SHA Extra Plus 4 stars Hotel in Patong Beach Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 7.1 Good 1,778 reviews Sugar Marina Hotel -AVIATOR- Phuket Airport - SHA Extra Plus 4 stars Hotel in Nai Yang Beach Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 7.9 Good 830 reviews Hotel Tide Phuket Beach front - SHA Plus 5 stars Hotel in Phuket Town Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 8.3 Very good 2,173 reviews Hotel Clover Patong Phuket - SHA Plus 4 stars Hotel in Patong Beach Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 8.6 Fabulous 2,651 reviews The Nature Phuket - SHA Extra Plus 5 stars Hotel in Patong Beach Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 8.2 Very good 3,160 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Phuket Patong Beach Resort 4 stars Hotel in Patong Beach Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 8.7 Fabulous 3,951 reviews Phuket Emerald Beach Resort 5 stars Hotel in Karon Beach Popular with guests booking hotels in Phuket Province 8.2 Very good 46 reviews Phuket Province's best hotels with breakfast See all Nicky's Handlebar Hotel in Patong Beach Breakfast options Boasting a biker theme, Nicky's Handlebar is a design hotel in Phuket, 10 minutes’ walk from Patong Beach. It features a restaurant and bar, an outdoor pool, and free Wi-Fi. Very "different" decor and setting - unique we would say. Show more Show less From CAD 104 per night 9.1 Superb 292 reviews Pacific Club Resort Hotel in Karon Beach Breakfast options Perched upon a hilltop and only a 10-minute walk from Karon Beach, the uniquely-designed boutique Pacific Club Resort - SHA Extra Plus offers spectacular views and spacious accommodation with private... Everything The Staff went above and beyond for us, Amazing people couldn't say enough about... Show more Show less From CAD 108 per night 9.3 Superb 528 reviews Phuket Kana International Hotel普吉岛卡娜国际酒店 Hotel in Rawai Beach Breakfast options Facing the beachfront, Phuket Kana International Hotel普吉岛卡娜国际酒店 offers 3-star accommodation in Rawai Beach and features an outdoor swimming pool, garden and shared lounge. Show more Show less From CAD 83 per night 10 Exceptional 7 reviews 普吉岛-芭东安达曼海滩海景酒店Phuket Andaman Beach Seaview Hotel Hotel in Kalim Beach, Patong Beach Breakfast options Facing the beachfront, 普吉岛-芭东安达曼海滩海景酒店Phuket Andaman Beach Seaview Hotel offers 5-star accommodation in Patong Beach and features an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre and garden. Show more Show less From CAD 384 per night 10 Exceptional 7 reviews Sole Mio Boutique Hotel and Wellness Hotel in Bang Tao Beach Breakfast options Set in Bang Tao Beach, 600 metres from Bang Tao Beach, Sole Mio Boutique Hotel and Wellness offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Beautiful property, facilities, and superb staff Show more Show less From CAD 244 per night 9.4 Superb 36 reviews Phuket View Coffee and Resort Hotel in Chalong Breakfast options Situated in Chalong, 4.8 km from Chalong Temple, Phuket View Coffee and Resort features accommodation with a terrace, free private parking and a restaurant. the French style deco excellent for romantic get away the view very comfortable bed excellent... Show more Show less From CAD 149 per night 9.2 Superb 55 reviews Peace Blue Naiharn Naturist Resort Phuket SHA Extra Plus Hotel in Rawai Beach Breakfast options Located in Rawai Beach, 2 km from Nai Harn Beach, Peace Blue Naiharn Naturist Resort Phuket SHA Extra Plus provides an outdoor swimming pool and rooms with free WiFi access. Highly recommended. I had a great stay and do not want to leave. Show more Show less From CAD 220 per night 9.0 Superb 27 reviews Kokotel Phuket Nai Yang Beach - SHA Extra Plus Hotel in Nai Yang Beach Breakfast options Situated in Nai Yang Beach, 100 metres from Nai Yang Beach, Kokotel Phuket Nai Yang Beach - SHA Extra Plus features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a terrace and a... spotless clean. great staff with good command of english. Show more Show less From CAD 81 per night 8.4 Very good 1,214 reviews Budget hotels in Phuket Province See all Blue Carina Hotel - SHA Plus Hotel in Phuket Town Budget Hotel A 3-minute walk from Big C Super Centre, Blue Carina Inn Hotel offers an outdoor pool and free WiFi. Blue Carina Inn Hotel is a 3-minute walk from Central Department Store. Very beautiful property, located nearby big shopping complexes and restaurants. Show more Show less From CAD 69 per night 9.2 Superb 306 reviews Natthawan Pool Access Rawai Hotel in Rawai Beach Budget Hotel Featuring a garden, Natthawan Pool Access Rawai is located in Rawai Beach in the Phuket Province region, 1.9 km from Chalong Beach and 1.9 km from Mu Ban Tan Khu Beach. Just had the most amazing stay at Natthawan Pool Access Resort! Show more Show less From CAD 69 per night 9.4 Superb 5 reviews Boomerang Village Resort Kata Hotel in Patak Road - Kata Beach, Kata Beach Budget Hotel Set in Kata Beach, 1.6 km from Karon Beach, Boomerang Village Resort Kata offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. The staff were very friendly and accommodating, the room was big and spacious Show more Show less From CAD 65 per night 9.2 Superb 12 reviews Chamemon Bed & Cafe Hotel in Phuket Town Budget Hotel Set in Phuket Town, Chamemon Bed & Cafe offers 3-star accommodation with private balconies. Overall, I can highly recommend the hotel if you want to stay in Puhket town. Show more Show less From CAD 45 per night 9.5 Exceptional 58 reviews Alaita Boutique Phuket Hotel in Ban Bo Rae Budget Hotel Alaita Boutique Phuket features free bikes, outdoor swimming pool, a garden and terrace in Ban Bo Rae. Great rooms ,the staff were really nice and the spa area was great! Show more Show less From CAD 66 per night 10 Exceptional 6 reviews L&P Guesthouse Hotel in Kata Beach Budget Hotel Located in Kata Beach, 800 metres from Kata Beach, L&P Guesthouse provides air-conditioned rooms and a bar. Super nice hotel, close to everything. Show more Show less From CAD 58 per night 9.8 Exceptional 5 reviews Riviera Patong Hotel in Nanai Road, Patong Beach Budget Hotel Located in Patong Beach, within 2.1 km of Patong Beach and 1.1 km of Jungceylon Shopping Center, Riviera Patong provides accommodation with a bar and free WiFi throughout the property as well as free... Great size room nice quite location. Staff very friendly Show more Show less From CAD 42 per night 9.2 Superb 38 reviews WOW PHUKET Hotel in Phuket Town Budget Hotel Set in Phuket Town, 2.7 km from Chalong Beach, WOW PHUKET offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. The hotel is decorated in a stylish, modern style with a bright orange and black color. Show more Show less From CAD 42 per night 9.0 Superb 24 reviews Hotels in Phuket Province that you can book without a credit card See all PP GRAND KAMALA HOTEL-SHA Extra Plus Hotel in Kamala Beach No credit card needed Set in Kamala Beach, 1.3 km from Kamala Beach, PP GRAND KAMALA HOTEL-SHA Extra Plus offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. This 2-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk. We had a great stay at Grand Kamala. Show more Show less From CAD 71 per night 9.1 Superb 84 reviews Aloha Residence Hotel in Kata Beach No credit card needed Located in Kata Beach, 700 metres from Kata Beach, Aloha Residence provides accommodation with a terrace, free private parking and a bar. Everything was good and we felt very good, would go there again Show more Show less From CAD 35 per night 8.4 Very good 169 reviews CRAFT Resort & Villas Hotel in Phuket Town No credit card needed Situated in Phuket Town, 2 km from Siray Bay Beach, CRAFT Resort & Villas features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden. Loved this place. Room and service facilitates our need and meet our “no fuss or frills”... Show more Show less From CAD 200 per night 8.1 Very good 306 reviews Kata Beachwalk Hotel and Bungalows Hotel in Kata Beach No credit card needed Kata Beachwalk Hotel and Bungalows has a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Kata Beach. This 3-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage space and free WiFi. Location was great (<5 minutes to the beach). It was very clean and the staff were amazing. Show more Show less From CAD 56 per night 8.1 Very good 257 reviews The Gig Hotel Hotel in Patong Beach No credit card needed A short walk from both Jungceylon Shopping Centre and Bangla Road, The Gig Hotel features a rooftop pool and a restaurant. Free WiFi is available. Great staff very helpful... Close to restaurants and bars... Show more Show less From CAD 143 per night 8.0 Very good 866 reviews AM Surin Place - SHA Extra Plus Hotel in Surin Beach No credit card needed AM Surin Place is located 300 metres from Surin Beach and offers rooms with free WiFi. The property features an outdoor pool, a 24-hour front desk and laundry service. Very nice and friendly staff, owners have 2 restaurants in the surrounding and we ate there every... Show more Show less From CAD 77 per night 8.3 Very good 148 reviews Tea Tree Boutique Resort Hotel in Rawai Beach No credit card needed Tea Tree Boutique Resort is located in southern Phuket, within walking distance of Rawai Beach. Boasting a 30-metre outdoor pool, the hotel offers Thai cooking lessons and free Wi-Fi. Overall, a great price-quality ratio.. Show more Show less From CAD 96 per night 8.9 Fabulous 116 reviews Hollywood Inn Love Patong Hotel in Patong Beach No credit card needed Hollywood Inn Love Patong is set in Patong Beach, 10 km from Prince of Songkla University and 14 km from Chinpracha House. Show more Show less From CAD 46 per night 8.0 Very good 5 reviews Phuket Province highlights Patong Beach With a sandy beach and wild nightlife, Patong is a place to relax and play. Phuket Old Town Take a stroll in Phuket Town to experience charming Sino-Portuguese architecture from the 18th century. Bangla Road A paradise for party animals, Bangla Road promises a wide selection of bars and clubs. Promthep Cape One of Phuket’s must-see spots, people flock to Promthep Cape to catch a beautiful sunset. Kata Beach More than a pretty beach, Kata also offers a variety of bars and restaurants. Karon Beach Tired from shopping at the night market? You can enjoy food and drinks at nearby bars. Rawai Beach After a long walk on a beach, you can sample fresh seafood from nearby restaurants. Bang Tao Beach Away from all the bustle, this white sandy beach is perfect for those who long for a quiet getaway. Phuket FantaSea Cultural performances, shopping and dining, endless fun begins at this night-time cultural theme park. Ko Racha Yai Island Peaceful and secluded, Racha Island is a perfect destination for diving and ultimate relaxation. FAQs about hotels in Phuket Province What are the best cities to stay in Phuket Province? Patong Beach, Phuket Town and Nai Yang Beach are popular with other travellers visiting Phuket Province. What are the best hotels in Phuket Province near Phuket International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Phuket Province near Phuket International Airport (HKT) have said good things about David Residence- SHA Extra Plus, Louis' Runway View Hotel - SHA Extra Plus and Phuket Airport Overnight Hotel. Among the hotels near Phuket International Airport in Phuket Province, S2 Airport Residence, BS Airport at Phuket and The Sixteenth Naiyang Beach Hotel SHA Plus have also been highly rated. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Phuket Province? On average, 3-star hotels in Phuket Province cost CAD 41 per night, and 4-star hotels in Phuket Province are CAD 99 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Phuket Province can on average be found for CAD 232 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What hotels in Phuket Province have nice views? The Umbrella House - SHA Extra Plus, Phuket Kana International Hotel普吉岛卡娜国际酒店 and Kata White Villas have received great reviews from travellers in Phuket Province regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying in Phuket Province also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at At Home Hotel, Grand View Premium and V Villas Phuket, MGallery. How much is a hotel in Phuket Province for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 158 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Phuket Province for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 171 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Phuket Province will cost around CAD 411 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Phuket Province are good for families? Many families visiting Phuket Province loved staying at Chamemon Bed & Cafe, Letter Better Home and Phuket Kana International Hotel普吉岛卡娜国际酒店. Similarly, Guest house Helene, Natthawan Pool Access Rawai and 普吉岛-芭东安达曼海滩海景酒店Phuket Andaman Beach Seaview Hotel are also popular among family travellers. What are some popular places to stay in and around Phuket Province? Popular places to stay in Phuket Province include hotels near Bangla Road, Old Phuket Town and Sai Kaew Beach. How much is a hotel in Phuket Province for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Phuket Province this weekend is CAD 145 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 246. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Phuket Province for this weekend cost on average around CAD 450 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels to stay in Phuket Province? HOMA Phuket Town, V Villas Phuket, MGallery and Pen Villa Hotel, Surin Beach - SHA Extra Plus are some of the popular hotels in Phuket Province. In addition to these hotels, Three Monkeys Villas, Kata White Villas and WOO Gallery & Boutique hotel are also popular in Phuket Province. What hotels in Phuket Province offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Phuket Province that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try WOO Gallery & Boutique hotel, Blue Carina Hotel - SHA Plus and Lady Naya Villas - SHA Extra Plus. Breakfast at these hotels in Phuket Province are also highly rated: Nicky's Handlebar, V Villas Phuket, MGallery and The Pace Phuket Boutique Resort. What hotels in Phuket Province are good for couples? Couples travelling in Phuket Province loved staying at Best Venue Hotel, Happy 99 Guest house and Alaita Boutique Phuket. Similarly, these hotels in Phuket Province are highly rated by couples: L&P Guesthouse, The Way Patong Hotel and Good Night Pool Villa Phuket - SHA Plus. How many hotels in Phuket Province are listed on Booking.com? There are 5,510 hotels in Phuket Province you can book on Booking.com. What is the best neighbourhood to stay in Phuket Province? Laguna Phuket, Nanai Road and Kata Noi Beach are popular with other travellers visiting Phuket Province. What are the best hotels in Phuket Province near Bangla Road? Some of the best hotels in Phuket Province near Bangla Road include PATONG TOWER FAMILY APARTMENTs, Phusita House - SHA Certified and Fong Kaew and Baan Nang Fa Guesthouse. Idyllic Island of International Fame Thailand’s largest island, Phuket has a mountainous landscape leading down to lush, green palms, warm, turquoise seas and soft, golden sands. Patong is its most developed resort and is well known for outrageous nightlife. There are lots of clubs, bars and restaurants in the main town and it also has a fantastic beach lined with hotels and resorts. To the south is Karon, home to the 2nd largest beach and offshore coral reefs that are good for snorkelling. Quieter Kamala also has coral reefs and good surfing conditions, as do the curved beaches at Kata. The island’s airport is in the north and there are lots of Phuket hotels near the airport in Mai Khao and Nai Yang, where sea turtles come ashore to lay their eggs. In Bangtao to the south there is a great range of Phuket hotels with private pools on Booking.com, while around the corner in exclusive Surin there are often typical Thai long boats bobbing up and down in the rolling waves. On the other side of the island Chalong has an impressive Buddhist temple and is a popular spot for kitesurfing. Neighbouring Panwa has shallow water coral and the Phuket Aquarium to explore. The Phi Phi islands are off Phuket’s eastern shores and their idyllic scenery makes wonderful day trips. Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Resorts in Phuket Province Still looking for the perfect place to stay? Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Villas in Phuket Province Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels on Koh Samui Discover another popular destination within Thailand. Hotels in Pattaya Discover another popular destination within Thailand. Flights to Phuket Province Reaching Phuket Province just got easier! Hotels near Phuket International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. When to visit Thailand Events, prices, the weather – everything you need to know about the best time to visit Thailand. Car hire near Phuket International Airport Pick up your rental car as soon as you touch down. Hotels near Old Phuket Town Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440