The Best Guernsey Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Guernsey, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Guernsey, United Kingdom Enter your dates and choose from 39 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom Guernsey Check out these popular cities on Guernsey St Peter Port 23 hotels Castel 7 hotels St Saviour Guernsey 11 hotels St Pierre du Bois 2 hotels Torteval 1 hotel Kings Mills 1 hotel Saint Peter Port 2 hotels St Martin Guernsey 13 hotels Vale 1 hotel Stay in Guernsey's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates La Barbarie Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Martin Guernsey Situated in the quiet, green valley of St Martin, La Barbarie Hotel overlooks Saints Bay. With a swimming pool, restaurant and stylish rooms, there is also free parking and free Wi-Fi. Quiet beautiful area, lovely hotel.Beds comfy.food amazing ,polite staff very helpful even taking bags to our room. shower amazing, great pool . Show more Show less 9 Superb 497 reviews Price from CAD 172 per night Check availability Duke Of Normandie 3 stars Hotel in St Peter Port Located in the heart of St.Peter Port just 75 metres from the high street, this 3-star hotel offers boutique style rooms with iPod docks and LCD TVs, along with free parking and free ultra-fast Wi-Fi.... The staff were extremely friendly, helpful and responsive. Great location. Quiet but close to everything. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 1,087 reviews Price from CAD 84 per night Check availability Le Pommier 3 stars Hotel in Kings Mills Located in Kings Mills, 1.1 km from Cobo Beach, Le Pommier provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Food was very good and the hotel/farmhouse was very comfortable to stay at. The hotel has an outdoor swimming pool and bar area too. Walking distance to the sea front and other hotels/bar and cafe. On a bus route to get to other places on the Island. A very nice hotel to stay at. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 175 reviews Price from CAD 188 per night Check availability Grange Lodge Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Saint Peter Port Situated 800 metres from the centre of Saint Peter Port in the Guernsey Region, Grange Lodge Hotel features a seasonal outdoor pool and sun terrace. The staff was wonderful. This is a historic hotel. It was even filmed in the movie, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. my favorite part of this hotel was the breakfast in the pretty dining room overlooking the garden. I also liked the little biscuits/cookies that were left with the tea and coffee in the room. Show more Show less 8.9 Fabulous 321 reviews Price from CAD 96 per night Check availability Les Cotils Hotel in Saint Peter Port Les Cotils is located in St Peter Port and offers sea views. It is set in 12 acres of award-winning grounds and features a restaurant. - Very well maintained, clean rooms and hotel facilities - Phenomenally good breakfast - Very friendly staff - Large, park-like garden area Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 631 reviews Price from CAD 118 per night Check availability Les Douvres Hotel 3 stars Hotel in St Martin Guernsey Formerly an 18th-century manor house, Les Douvres Hotel offers scenic gardens and a heated outdoor pool in the summer. Clean, spacious, very friendly, helpful staff. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 453 reviews Price from CAD 143 per night Check availability Hotel La Michele 2 stars Hotel in St Martin Guernsey Just over 2 miles from Guernsey Airport, Hotel La Michele offers en suite rooms, a restaurant and bar, and a heated outdoor pool. It offers free parking and WiFi and a full Guernsey breakfast. Breakfast, attention to detail. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 133 reviews Check availability Best Western Hotel de Havelet 4 stars Hotel in St Peter Port In St Peter Port on the eastern coast of Guernsey, Hotel de Havelet enjoys sea views and has 2 restaurants, a bar, indoor pool, hot tub and sun terrace. Excellent service, good sized room fantastic views, great food. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 361 reviews Price from CAD 105 per night Check availability Best Western Moores Central Hotel 3 stars Hotel in St Peter Port Ideally located in the centre of St Peter Port, in Guernsey, Best Western Moores Central Hotel offers en suite accommodation, a restaurant, a bar and a fitness centre with sauna. Excellent Location, Staff were Excellent, and so happy to help. Ate in all 3 dining areas and all were Excellent, as well 😀 Just make sure you go in hungry as portions are generous. Hotel was clean and I wasn’t worried about Covid infection. No UHT Milk in room, you just ring reception and within minutes you get a little glass bottle of fresh Guernsey milk 😀 Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 537 reviews Price from CAD 99 per night Check availability La Fregate Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Peter Port Set in secluded terraced gardens, every room in this 4-star hotel has a picturesque view of the sea. St Peter Port’s shopping centre is just 2 minutes’ walk away. Our room was spacious and lovely with a beautiful view of the harbor. Breakfast was lovely. Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 201 reviews Price from CAD 159 per night Check availability See all 60 hotels on Guernsey Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Guernsey with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Duke Of Normandie 3 stars Hotel in St Peter Port 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 8.8 Cobo Bay Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Castel 8 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Le Friquet Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Castel 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 La Barbarie Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Martin Guernsey 11 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 Fermain Valley Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Peter Port 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Duke Of Richmond Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Peter Port 7 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.3 Best Western Hotel de Havelet 4 stars Hotel in St Peter Port 9 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Les Cotils Hotel in Saint Peter Port 8 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Grange Lodge Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Saint Peter Port 11 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.3 Le Pommier 3 stars Hotel in Kings Mills 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.1 See all Most booked hotels on Guernsey in the past month See all The Peninsula Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Vale Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.3 Very good 527 reviews Duke Of Normandie 3 stars Hotel in St Peter Port Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.2 Very good 1,087 reviews St. Pierre Park Hotel & Golf 4 stars Hotel in St Peter Port Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.5 Very good 729 reviews Cobo Bay Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Castel Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.6 Fabulous 736 reviews Le Friquet Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Castel Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.8 Fabulous 742 reviews Les Rocquettes Hotel 3 stars Hotel in St Peter Port Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.6 Fabulous 601 reviews Duke Of Richmond Hotel 4 stars Hotel in St Peter Port Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.6 Fabulous 618 reviews Best Western Moores Central Hotel 3 stars Hotel in St Peter Port Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.2 Very good 537 reviews Best Western Hotel de Havelet 4 stars Hotel in St Peter Port Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.8 Fabulous 361 reviews Les Cotils Hotel in Saint Peter Port Popular with guests booking hotels on Guernsey 8.8 Fabulous 631 reviews Guernsey's best hotels with breakfast See all St. Pierre Park Hotel & Golf Hotel in St Peter Port Breakfast options Set in beautiful gardens, St Pierre Park Hotel has free Wi-Fi, and an indoor pool and gym. There is a 9-hole golf course, as well as tennis courts, and a crazy golf. The scenery, the staff, the food. Everything is great. Show more Show less From CAD 207 per night 8.5 Very good 729 reviews La Collinette Hotel, Cottages & Apartments Hotel in St Peter Port Breakfast options This fine, friendly and efficient hotel is your island address on the doorstep of town, walking distance from the picturesque harbour capital of St Peter Port. Great choice of continental or cooked breakfast - bacon was great! Show more Show less From CAD 120 per night 8.4 Very good 183 reviews Fleur Du Jardin Hotel in Kings Mills Breakfast options Fleur Du Jardin is relaxed and informal with a hint of the unusual. It serves good fresh food and has a private swimming pool in its spacious grounds. Lovely staff, excellent service and exceptional food a really nice staycation. Show more Show less From CAD 198 per night 8.8 Fabulous 502 reviews The Old Government House Hotel & Spa Hotel in St Peter Port Breakfast options Elegant and classical, this award-winning 5-star hotel is one of the oldest and most prestigious in the Channel Islands, with a top restaurant, an excellent location and a relaxing spa. Loved the huge king sized bed, the excellent shower and the fact we also had a bath, ameneties, and... Show more Show less From CAD 430 per night 8.6 Fabulous 291 reviews La Trelade Hotel Hotel in St Martin Guernsey Breakfast options La Trelade has free parking, free Wi-Fi, a 13-metre indoor pool, gym, sauna and steam room. It is 1.5 miles from Guernsey Airport and 3 miles from the island's capital, St Peter Port. -Nice location -St. Peter Port can be reached by bus (bus stop is just in front of the Hotel)... Show more Show less From CAD 179 per night 7.7 Good 105 reviews La Villette Hotel Hotel in St Martin Guernsey Breakfast options Located in St Martin Guernsey, 1.6 km from Petit Bot Beach, La Villette Hotel provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. The staff was professional and friendly. Show more Show less From CAD 125 per night 7.5 Good 34 reviews Le Pommier Hotel in Kings Mills Breakfast options Located in Kings Mills, 1.1 km from Cobo Beach, Le Pommier provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Show more Show less From CAD 188 per night 8.4 Very good 175 reviews Grange Lodge Hotel Hotel in Saint Peter Port Breakfast options Situated 800 metres from the centre of Saint Peter Port in the Guernsey Region, Grange Lodge Hotel features a seasonal outdoor pool and sun terrace. The staff was wonderful. This is a historic hotel. Show more Show less From CAD 96 per night 8.9 Fabulous 321 reviews Budget hotels on Guernsey See all Les Cotils Hotel in Saint Peter Port Budget Hotel Les Cotils is located in St Peter Port and offers sea views. It is set in 12 acres of award-winning grounds and features a restaurant. - Very well maintained, clean rooms and hotel facilities - Phenomenally good breakfast - Very... Show more Show less From CAD 118 per night 8.8 Fabulous 631 reviews Hotel La Michele Hotel in St Martin Guernsey Budget Hotel Just over 2 miles from Guernsey Airport, Hotel La Michele offers en suite rooms, a restaurant and bar, and a heated outdoor pool. It offers free parking and WiFi and a full Guernsey breakfast. Breakfast, attention to detail. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 133 reviews Best Western Moores Central Hotel Hotel in St Peter Port Budget Hotel Ideally located in the centre of St Peter Port, in Guernsey, Best Western Moores Central Hotel offers en suite accommodation, a restaurant, a bar and a fitness centre with sauna. Excellent Location, Staff were Excellent, and so happy to help. Show more Show less From CAD 99 per night 8.2 Very good 537 reviews The Farmhouse Hotel and Restaurant Hotel in St Saviour Guernsey Budget Hotel Set in a 15th-century farmhouse, the renovated Farmhouse Hotel and Restaurant offers contemporary 4-star accommodation, superb cuisine and free Wi-Fi. There is also a swimming pool and leafy gardens. The bed was the most comfortable bed ever. I slept like a baby. Show more Show less From CAD 254 per night 8.3 Very good 116 reviews Cobo Bay Hotel Hotel in Castel Budget Hotel With an unrivalled beachfront location along the west coast, this highly-rated 3-star hotel has an award-winning restaurant and a free-to-use health suite. Fantastic location, right on the beach. Show more Show less From CAD 118 per night 8.6 Fabulous 736 reviews Hotel Jerbourg Hotel in St Peter Port Budget Hotel This hotel is set on the cliff top at Jerbourg Point, with breathtaking views over Herm, Sark, Jersey and even France on a clear day. It was an excellent place to stop. Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 222 reviews The Peninsula Hotel Hotel in Vale Budget Hotel Set within 5 acres of gardens, the hotel is located on a tranquil grassy peninsula, leading to a sandy bay in the peaceful parish of the Vale, Guernsey. The breakfast was exceptional, staff couldn't be more helpful and made our trip most enjoyable. Show more Show less From CAD 181 per night 8.3 Very good 527 reviews Le Chene Hotel Hotel in St Peter Port Budget Hotel Just a minute’s drive from Guernsey Airport, the family-run Le Chêne B&B offers a seasonal heated outdoor swimming pool, a hot tub and free parking. Staff were very welcoming, happy and helpful. Bed was super comfy and breakfast was great. Show more Show less 7.9 Good 340 reviews FAQs about hotels on Guernsey How many hotels on Guernsey are listed on Booking.com? There are 61 hotels on Guernsey you can book on Booking.com. What are the best cities to stay on Guernsey? St Peter Port, Castel and Saint Peter Port are popular with other travellers visiting Guernsey. What hotels on Guernsey are good for couples? Couples travelling on Guernsey loved staying at La Barbarie Hotel, La Fregate Hotel and Best Western Hotel de Havelet. Similarly, these hotels on Guernsey are highly rated by couples: Le Friquet Hotel, Fleur Du Jardin and Les Cotils. What are the best hotels on Guernsey near Guernsey Airport? Travellers who stayed on Guernsey near Guernsey Airport (GCI) have said good things about The Farmhouse Hotel and Restaurant, Fleur Du Jardin and La Barbarie Hotel. Among the hotels near Guernsey Airport on Guernsey, Les Douvres Hotel, Hotel La Michele and St. Pierre Park Hotel & Golf have also been highly rated. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel on Guernsey? On average, 3-star hotels on Guernsey cost CAD 191 per night, and 4-star hotels on Guernsey are CAD 271 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel on Guernsey can on average be found for CAD 639 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What hotels on Guernsey have nice views? La Fregate Hotel, Hotel Jerbourg and Fermain Valley Hotel have received great reviews from travellers on Guernsey regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying on Guernsey also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Les Douvres Hotel, The Imperial Hotel and Le Friquet Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay on Guernsey? La Barbarie Hotel, Duke Of Normandie and Grange Lodge Hotel are some of the popular hotels on Guernsey. In addition to these hotels, Les Cotils, Best Western Hotel de Havelet and Le Friquet Hotel are also popular on Guernsey. Which hotels on Guernsey are good for families? Many families visiting Guernsey loved staying at Le Pommier, La Barbarie Hotel and The Old Government House Hotel & Spa. Similarly, Best Western Hotel de Havelet, Le Friquet Hotel and Les Rocquettes Hotel are also popular among family travellers. How much is a hotel on Guernsey for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel on Guernsey this weekend is CAD 195 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 249. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels on Guernsey for this weekend cost on average around CAD 487 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What hotels on Guernsey offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels on Guernsey that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Le Friquet Hotel, La Fregate Hotel and La Barbarie Hotel. Breakfast at these hotels on Guernsey are also highly rated: The Old Government House Hotel & Spa, Hotel La Michele and Best Western Hotel de Havelet. How much is a hotel on Guernsey for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 187 per night to book a 3-star hotel on Guernsey for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 245 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel on Guernsey will cost around CAD 487 (based on Booking.com prices). Enchanting Island of Unspoilt Nature The 2nd largest Channel Island, Guernsey has a rugged coastline, unspoilt countryside and secluded beaches. Although a dependency of Britain, its proximity to Normandy’s shores means that it has a distinct French feel. Home to the greatest number of Guernsey hotels, St Peter Port – the island’s capital – is the arrival point for ferries from England, France and the other Channel Islands. Looking back at the multi-coloured buildings across the harbour is Castle Cornet, protectively guarding the town. Just south is beautiful Fermain Bay whose sand and pebble beach is sheltered by tree-covered cliffs. Neighbouring St Martin’s parish has a couple of Guernsey hotels with swimming pools, by the coast and inland. West is St Saviour parish where Guernsey Airport is located. In the north the coastline is flatter and the beaches longer. Once such beach is at Cobo Bay in Castel parish, where long swathes of sand are lined by a sea wall. Vale to the east has a castle perched precariously on the cliff edge. Booking.com has an excellent selection of guest houses and hotels in Guernsey, an island small enough to be explored in one trip. Whilst you’re travelling around, look out for the brown-and-white Guernsey cows, and the bright blue post boxes and telephone boxes. Explore guest reviews of hotels on Guernsey See all The Farmhouse Hotel and Restaurant Hotel in St Saviour Guernsey From CAD 254 per night 8.3 Very good 116 reviews What an absolute gem the Farmhouse Hotel is ! Booked for 3 nights for our first visit to Guernsey and our stay exceeded all our expectations. Customer service was outstanding and food was superb. We had a really lovely room with the most amazingly comfortable bed. The hotel is beautifully maintained both inside and outside with the most beautiful garden and it’s perfectly located in the centre of the island to visit all the great places that Guernsey has to offer. What more could anyone ask for ?! Show more Show less Nicola United Kingdom Le Friquet Hotel Hotel in Castel From CAD 107 per night 8.8 Fabulous 742 reviews The hotel/restaurant staff were very efficient and friendly. The hotel is old and quirky, our room was large and clean, bathroom however was small and dated. I recommend the food, which was really good and reasonably priced, breakfast was also very good. If we return to Guernsey we would not hesitate in staying here again. I would like to mention that the bin men arrive in the early hours of the morning here, so don't sleep with your windows open like we did! Show more Show less Lee United Kingdom The Imperial Hotel Hotel in St Saviour Guernsey From CAD 197 per night 8.3 Very good 533 reviews Staff were very helpful, very professional and looked after us exceptionally well. Special recommendations to the lovely staff in reception, on the housekeeping team and in the restaurant. Hotel was tastefully decorated. Food was absolutely delicious especially the included breakfast and meals in the restaurant. Views were absolutely amazing from our hotel room and many windows from the hotel. Excellent bus service on guernsey, bus stop outside hotel. Show more Show less Ray United Kingdom La Barbarie Hotel Hotel in St Martin Guernsey From CAD 172 per night 9.0 Superb 497 reviews This hotel is a gem. The staff were very professional and helpful and friendly Our room was perfect Very clean and large Beautiful grounds The best food we have ever experienced in any hotel ever We dined in the restaurant with family of 5 and everyone enjoyed their meals and the breakfast was superb Best ever Would recommend to anyone staying in beautiful guernsey Thank you for the best last night of our 5 week stay in guernsey Show more Show less Carolyn Australia Marton Guest House St Peter Port 8.0 Very good 444 reviews This is the little sister accommodation to Pandora Hotel, which is down the road. We were able to park at Pandora and dine there anytime. Having stayed in both, Pandora and Marton, I have to say that we preferred Marton Guest House even. The breakfast was better, the management was lovely and the whole feeling was a bit more personal. In short: This is the place we'd stay in on any future stay on Guernsey. It's just spot on. Show more Show less Sascha Germany Cobo Bay Hotel Hotel in Castel From CAD 118 per night 8.6 Fabulous 736 reviews The staff and owners are very welcoming, friendly, and helpful. We had trouble seeing sights with the bus system (bring Guernsey or Brit currency). I was utterly disappointed. When the owner, David, heard of the issue, he very generously drove us to a museum, picked us up, and then personally showed us some points of interest and got us to our ferry. None of this was expected. He went above and beyond! Hotel is very nice in all ways! Show more Show less Skott United States Les Rocquettes Hotel Hotel in St Peter Port From CAD 154 per night 8.6 Fabulous 601 reviews Breakfast was very good with full personal service and good selection of cooked breakfast options. RestauraNT WAS EXPENSIVE AND LIMITED CHOICE OF DRINKS MUCH LIKE OUR SBUSEQUENT STAY ON Jersey. Did nor like the narrow twin beds, would have prefered a double bed. Balcong was good, pool was adequet but not as good as De France hotel Jersey. Hotel bus srevice to town and customer selected destinaTIONS ON gUERNSEY WAS EXCELLENT. Show more Show less Nicholas United Kingdom Duke Of Richmond Hotel Hotel in St Peter Port From CAD 292 per night 8.6 Fabulous 618 reviews Great hotel with lovely staff. Breakfast was amazing. No need for cars in Guernsey - the buses are great but allow plenty of time to Q - if there is a ship in they can get busy and it is best if you are at the front of the Q. If you like walking then walk the cliff path to Fermain Bay and then stop at the cafe for a well earned break. IF weather is nice then check out the Prince of Wales outside bar - good vibes. Show more Show less Pauline United Kingdom The Peninsula Hotel Hotel in Vale From CAD 181 per night 8.3 Very good 527 reviews The location is stunning and the Peninsula Hotel is beautifully blended into its surrounds. We were delighted to have chosen the Northern part of the island, as although it is a bus ride away from Peter Port, the journey affords a real flavour of Guernsey. The heated outdoor pool was a major factor in our choice of the Peninsula Hotel and it didn't disappoint. Show more Show less Brian C Ireland Grange Lodge Hotel Hotel in Saint Peter Port From CAD 96 per night 8.9 Fabulous 321 reviews The staff was wonderful. This is a historic hotel. It was even filmed in the movie, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. my favorite part of this hotel was the breakfast in the pretty dining room overlooking the garden. I also liked the little biscuits/cookies that were left with the tea and coffee in the room. Show more Show less Gloria United States St Georges St Peter Port From CAD 97 per night 8.0 Very good 826 reviews Absolutely perfect Especially the owner who we had the pleasure of meeting in a hotel a few doors away.who came over to answer a question we had about the parking in Guernsey Shanie from the hotel was wonderful I would definitely go again He couldn’t do enough for us Show more Show less annette United Kingdom St. Pierre Park Hotel & Golf Hotel in St Peter Port From CAD 207 per night 8.5 Very good 729 reviews Staff was excellent from minute we arrived till we left hotel was great staff went beyond expectations especially on first night would definitely recommend st.pierre to anyone visiting Guernsey thanks to all off staff at st.pierre👏👏👏 Show more Show less Adrian United Kingdom Hotel Jerbourg Hotel in St Peter Port 8.6 Fabulous 222 reviews Breakfast was fine, but same every day Hotel lounge/coffee shop was very pleasant but all a bit dated, as is Guernsey in general. The hotel was certainly one of the nicer places we came across in our time on the island. Show more Show less Rob United Kingdom Les Douvres Hotel Hotel in St Martin Guernsey From CAD 143 per night 8.3 Very good 453 reviews great pizzas, nice quiet spot with lovely gardens and close to airport, hotel manager even took us to airport in the morning as taxis not available (huge problem getting taxis in Guernsey these days), will definitely return Show more Show less Gill Guernsey Duke Of Normandie Hotel in St Peter Port From CAD 84 per night 8.2 Very good 1,087 reviews Stayed overnight for work during Guernsey Pride. The staff were all very attentive and helpful. Our experience of staying here was great and would recommend this hotel to others. Would stay here again. Show more Show less Nathan Jersey Le Chene Hotel Hotel in St Peter Port 7.9 Good 340 reviews A whistle stop visit to Guernsey but I can't thank the staff enough. The hotel furnishings are a bit old and dated but my room was super clean. Staff were very friendly, breakfast was amazing. Show more Show less Sarah United Kingdom The Old Government House Hotel & Spa Hotel in St Peter Port From CAD 430 per night 8.6 Fabulous 291 reviews Staff were incredible- friendly, attentive, thoughtful, great at their jobs. Guernsey itself and the hotel were really lovely with beautiful surroundings Show more Show less Manisha United Kingdom Best Western Moores Central Hotel Hotel in St Peter Port From CAD 99 per night 8.2 Very good 537 reviews Guernsey 🇬🇬 is beautiful very clean lovely places to eat food excellent everywhere. One of the nicest places we've been too Top marks. Show more Show less Audrey Ireland Best Western Hotel de Havelet Hotel in St Peter Port From CAD 105 per night 8.8 Fabulous 361 reviews Comfortable room, excellent food and lovely staff . We would definitely stay at the Hotel de Havelet if we return to Guernsey. Show more Show less Anthony United Kingdom The Queens Inn St Martin Guernsey From CAD 120 per night 8.7 Fabulous 345 reviews Great place to stay, very clean and friendly, food is excellent, my first choice for a hotel in guernsey Show more Show less mike United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Lake District Hit the road and make the most of your trip by discovering another popular destination within the United Kingdom. Hotels in Scotland Discover another popular destination within the United Kingdom. When to visit the United Kingdom Events, prices, the weather and more. Flights to Guernsey Reaching Guernsey just got easier! Hotels in the United Kingdom Set off to explore the whole country. Hotels near Guernsey Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Car hire near Guernsey Airport Flying in to Guernsey Airport and need to hire a car? Book it now to pick it up when you touch down. B&Bs on Guernsey Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Pet-Friendly Hotels on Guernsey Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440