The Best Zanzibar Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Zanzibar, Tanzania Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Zanzibar, Tanzania Enter your dates and choose from 1,123 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Tanzania Zanzibar Check out these popular cities on Zanzibar Zanzibar City 156 hotels Nungwi 118 hotels Paje 73 hotels Jambiani 115 hotels Matemwe 46 hotels Kiwengwa 53 hotels Michamvi 33 hotels Pwani Mchangani 24 hotels Makunduchi 8 hotels Banda Kuu 6 hotels Grave Island 1 hotel Pwani Mchangani Mdogo 1 hotel Stay in Zanzibar's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Canary Nungwi Hotel & Free SPA 4 stars Hotel in Nungwi Beach, Nungwi Set in Nungwi, 400 metres from Nungwi Beach, Canary Nungwi Hotel & Free SPA offers accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Staff were all amazing from owner, manager, all chefs waiters and cleaners make you feel so welcome. So smiley everyday. And nothing too much trouble. Grace was fabulous. Great location. Beds so comfy and aircon really good. Pool lovely temperature. Let us keep our room longer for free which is so good. Doesn’t sell alcohol but they get for you or you can go to local shop which actually saves you money. Can’t recommend enough Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 1,354 reviews Price from CAD 91 per night Check availability Babalao Bungalows Hotel in Nungwi Beach, Nungwi Babalao Bungalows has free bikes, outdoor swimming pool, a garden and shared lounge in Nungwi. Featuring a restaurant, the property also has a terrace and a bar. very cool owner very nice breakfast Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 1,476 reviews Price from CAD 66 per night Check availability Mahali Zanzibar Hotel in Paje Beach, Paje Featuring a private beach area, a year-round outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi, Mahali Zanzibar is set in Paje, Zanzibar. The hotel features a sun terrace and views of the sea. Really nice hotel and friendly staff, could not have been better. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,062 reviews Price from CAD 176 per night Check availability Mambo Ocean Resort 4 stars Hotel in Pwani Mchangani Located in Pwani Mchangani, a few steps from Pwani Mchangani Beach, Mambo Ocean Resort provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Excellent location, Nice personnel and good breakfast. Show more Show less 9 Superb 206 reviews Price from CAD 75 per night Check availability Daniel Zanzibar Hotel Hotel in Nungwi Situated in Nungwi, 600 metres from Royal Beach, Daniel Zanzibar Hotel features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. 10+++ We had an amazing stay at this hotel! The beds were incredibly comfortable, reminiscent of those in 4 to 5-star hotels. The rooms were equipped with both fans and air conditioning, and they were always clean and tidy. The beautifully landscaped courtyard added to the overall charm. The breakfast spread was unbelievably delicious, and the chef truly impressed us with the delightful dishes we tried. A special highlight was the friendly little monkey in the courtyard. We enjoyed spending time with it, feeding it, and it was heartwarming to see it happily playing with us every day. We want to thank the Mr. who runs this hotel, he helped us with even the smallest details during our stay. We highly recommend this accommodation, and we will come back again for sure. Mitar & Viki Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 101 reviews Price from CAD 64 per night Check availability Mahi Mahi Beach Hotel Hotel in Jambiani Beach, Jambiani Located in Jambiani, a few steps from Jambiani Beach, Mahi Mahi Beach Hotel provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Amazing view, very clean room and the nicest staff you can find - including the owners! Great place for a few days of rest. A car rental should be considered to visit nearby places such as Page. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 129 reviews Price from CAD 176 per night Check availability Amani Hotel Paje Hotel in Paje Beach, Paje Amani Hotel Paje has an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a terrace and bar in Paje. The property is around a few steps from Paje Beach, 2.6 km from Bwejuu Beach and 19 km from Jozani Forest. My stay in Amani Paje was absolutely amazing. The hotel room was very big and comfortable, the bathroom as well. The staff is super friendly and helpful. They make sure that you get everything that you need. The breakfast was the best I have eaten in Zanzibar. A lot of choices available and so delicious. The host Anna is so nice and helps you with anything. I truly felt like home there. Would absolutely recommend this place and hope that I can come back soon. Thanks to Anna, Paolo and all the staff! Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 165 reviews Price from CAD 70 per night Check availability Sharazad Wonders Boutique 1 stars Hotel in Zanzibar City Situated within 200 metres of Stone Town Beach, Sharazad Wonders Boutique in Zanzibar City has a number of amenities including a garden, a terrace and a bar. Sharazad Wonders a very unique and charming hotel- in the heart of Stone Town- beautifully decorated- with an extremely warm and helpful staff - there to make your stay unforgettable Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 166 reviews Price from CAD 151 per night Check availability BaraBara Eat&Sleep - Eco Boutique Hotel Hotel in Paje BaraBara Eat&Sleep - Eco Boutique Hotel features free bikes, garden, a shared lounge and terrace in Paje. Amazing service, clean rooms and wonderful breakfast. They make great coffee in the restaurant, was the best I have tried in Zanzibar. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 144 reviews Price from CAD 46 per night Check availability Kameleon Blue Hotel in Kizimkazi Beach, Kizimkazi Set in Kizimkazi, less than 1 km from Kizimkazi Mkunguni Beach, Kameleon Blue offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. What an amazing few days with Benjamin and his team! Still feeling homesick for Kameleon Blue after our departure ❤️ Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 138 reviews Price from CAD 30 per night Check availability See all 669 hotels on Zanzibar Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Zanzibar with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Boutique Hotel Matlai 4 stars Hotel in Michamvi 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 Mahali Zanzibar Hotel in Paje Beach, Paje 3 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.2 Babalao Bungalows Hotel in Nungwi Beach, Nungwi 20 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Passion Boutique Hotel Zanzibar - Adults Only Hotel in Jambiani 19 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 Casa Paradis Hotel in Jambiani Beach, Jambiani 11 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 10.0 Kizikula 4 stars Hotel in Kizimkazi 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Alladin Boutique Beach Hotel and SPA Zanzibar 4 stars Hotel in Matemwe 10 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 Kijani Beach Villas 1 stars Hotel in Bwejuu Beach, Bwejuu 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 Canary Nungwi Hotel & Free SPA 4 stars Hotel in Nungwi Beach, Nungwi 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Amani Hotel Paje Hotel in Paje Beach, Paje 3 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.8 See all Most booked hotels on Zanzibar in the past month See all Dhow Palace Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Zanzibar City Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 8.2 Very good 1,855 reviews Tembo House Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Zanzibar City Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 8.2 Very good 4,420 reviews Mizingani Seafront Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Zanzibar City Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 8.3 Very good 2,062 reviews Nungwi Dreams by Mantis 5 stars Hotel in Nungwi Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 8.5 Very good 1,156 reviews Spice Palace Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Zanzibar City Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 8.0 Very good 2,147 reviews Antonio Garden Hotel 4 stars Hotel in Zanzibar City Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 8.0 Very good 3,226 reviews Sunny Palms Beach Bungalows 4 stars Hotel in Uroa Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 8.7 Fabulous 251 reviews Zanzibella Hotel & SPA 5 stars Hotel in Kiwengwa Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 9.1 Superb 881 reviews NDAME Paje Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Paje Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 8.7 Fabulous 421 reviews Hotel Riu Jambo - All Inclusive 4 stars Hotel in Nungwi Popular with guests booking hotels on Zanzibar 8.8 Fabulous 1,636 reviews Zanzibar's best hotels with breakfast See all Marafiki Beach Hotel & SPA Hotel in Matemwe Breakfast options Located on Matemwe Beach, Marafiki Beach Hotel & SPA offers accommodation with a bar, a swimming pool, a garden and a 24-hour front desk for your convenience. Absolutely amazing little boutique hotel just on Matemwe Beach! Show more Show less From CAD 162 per night 9.6 Exceptional 555 reviews Kizikula Hotel in Kizimkazi Breakfast options Situated in Kizimkazi, 700 metres from Kizimkazi Dimbani Beach, Kizikula features accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. This property exceeded our expectations incredibly. Show more Show less From CAD 348 per night 9.6 Exceptional 585 reviews Shamba Village Hotel in Paje Breakfast options Located in Paje, 1.2 km from Paje Beach, Shamba Village provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. the staff is amazing, room is clean, pool is wonderful Show more Show less From CAD 100 per night 9.1 Superb 162 reviews Opera Hotel Hotel in Nungwi Breakfast options Situated in Nungwi, 400 metres from Royal Beach, Opera Hotel features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. I had a wonderful time at this hotel. It was quiet and beautiful, with nice sunbeds to chill on. Show more Show less From CAD 158 per night 9.2 Superb 499 reviews Siri Beach Lodge Hotel in Nungwi Beach, Nungwi Breakfast options Situated in Nungwi and with Nungwi Beach reachable within a few steps, Siri Beach Lodge features express check-in and check-out, rooms, a garden, free WiFi throughout the property and a terrace. The stay was perfect! Katya local knowledge really helped us to make the most of our time in... Show more Show less From CAD 130 per night 9.3 Superb 430 reviews Salama & Mbuyuni Bungalows Hotel in Matemwe Breakfast options Salama & Mbuyuni Bungalows features a restaurant, outdoor swimming pool, a garden and bar in Matemwe. Each room comes with a patio. At the hotel, the rooms are fitted with a wardrobe. Very cosy bungalows set in a beautiful garden! Show more Show less From CAD 58 per night 9.5 Exceptional 386 reviews SeVi Boutique Hotel Hotel in Matemwe Breakfast options Overlooking white-sand beaches and the crystalline waters of the Indian Ocean, SeVi Boutique Hotel is situated at the north-east coast of Zanzibar, by the fishing village of Kigomani. Absolutely stunning accomadation, environment and people. They make you feel at home! Show more Show less From CAD 253 per night 9.0 Superb 596 reviews Zanzibar Clove Island Villas & Apartments Hotel in Makunduchi Breakfast options Situated in Makunduchi, 37 km from Jozani Forest, Zanzibar Clove Island Villas & Apartments features accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a garden. If you are looking for a cozy, exotic and peacefull place, this is the spot. Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 9.3 Superb 486 reviews Budget hotels on Zanzibar See all Mangapwani Beach villa Hotel in Fujoni Budget Hotel Set in Fujoni, 2.6 km from Mangapwani Beach, Mangapwani Beach villa offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a private beach area. Food was great. Beachfront at a great price! Definitely return. Show more Show less From CAD 81 per night 9.1 Superb 9 reviews Sunny Villa Matemwe Hotel in Matemwe Budget Hotel Sunny Villa Matemwe has an outdoor swimming pool, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Matemwe. Great place to stay, staff were very friendly and accomodating. Show more Show less From CAD 97 per night 9.3 Superb 42 reviews Princess of Zanzibar Hotel in Michamvi Budget Hotel Situated in Michamvi, 100 metres from Michamvi Kae Beach, Princess of Zanzibar features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Everything. Beautifully made and run. Food is fantastic. Show more Show less From CAD 37 per night 9.6 Exceptional 20 reviews Eden Paradise Hotel in Michamvi Budget Hotel Located in Michamvi, 100 metres from Michamvi Kae Beach, Eden Paradise provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. The hosts were really amazing. They take care of you and give you tips what you can do around the... Show more Show less From CAD 42 per night 9.3 Superb 34 reviews Ayla Beach House Hotel in Kiwengwa Beach, Kiwengwa Budget Hotel Set in Kiwengwa, Ayla Beach House offers beachfront accommodation 40 km from Peace Memorial Museum and offers various facilities, such as free bikes, a terrace and a bar. Direct view on the sea, extraordinary staff and excellent comfort. Show more Show less From CAD 128 per night 9.4 Superb 65 reviews Promised Land Lodge Hotel in Kizimkazi Beach, Kizimkazi Budget Hotel Located on the South Coast and 1 km away from the village of Kizimkazi Mtendeni, Promised Land Lodge faces the sea and is surrounded by a tropical garden. it was extremely friendly place , local style super comfortable in every aspect . Show more Show less From CAD 88 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,299 reviews Shaba Boutique Hotel Hotel in Zanzibar City Budget Hotel Situated in the heart of Stone Town. It is located just 500 metres from the fruit and fish market of Darajan. Polite and helpful staff, good breakfast and comfortable room. Show more Show less From CAD 86 per night 8.4 Very good 1,037 reviews Equalia Rose hotel Hotel in Jambiani Beach, Jambiani Budget Hotel Featuring a garden, terrace and views of sea, Equalia Rose hotel is set in Jambiani, a few steps from Jambiani Beach. It was the best place I’ve stayed in Zanzibar! Show more Show less From CAD 61 per night 8.4 Very good 240 reviews Hotels on Zanzibar that you can book without a credit card See all Cappadocia Hotel & restaurant Hotel in Nungwi No credit card needed Cappadocia Hotel & restaurant has a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Nungwi. from the roof you can see Riu Jambo and the ocean of course ) What a nice view from Cappadocia )... Show more Show less From CAD 85 per night 10 Exceptional 9 reviews Zanzigo Hotel in Nungwi Beach, Nungwi No credit card needed Zanzigo features a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Nungwi. This 3-star hotel offers a private beach area. The best stay we had in Nungwi! The property is easy to find and close to the beach. Show more Show less From CAD 30 per night 9.6 Exceptional 16 reviews Villa Malaika Hotel in Jambiani Beach, Jambiani No credit card needed Villa Malaika features an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a terrace and restaurant in Jambiani. Great villas with big spaces, big pool, and restaurant in great location Show more Show less From CAD 138 per night 9.7 Exceptional 64 reviews White Sands Hotel in Paje Beach, Paje No credit card needed Situated in Paje, 100 metres from Paje Beach, White Sands features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. The room was spacious, very nice furnished with beautiful lamps, we even had a refrigerator and good... Show more Show less From CAD 182 per night 8.5 Very good 312 reviews Bustani Lodge Hotel in Paje No credit card needed Situated in Paje, Bustani Lodge has a garden, terrace, restaurant, and free WiFi throughout the property. The property is non-smoking and is set 600 metres from Paje Beach. the rooms are quite Spacious and its close to the town center. Show more Show less From CAD 50 per night 8.2 Very good 9 reviews Embe Lodge Hotel in Kizimkazi Beach, Kizimkazi No credit card needed Embe Lodge has free bikes, outdoor swimming pool, a garden and shared lounge in Kizimkazi. Boasting room service, this property also provides guests with a terrace. Staff and quite for serenity and leisure Show more Show less From CAD 30 per night 8.9 Fabulous 28 reviews Atlas Hotel Paje Hotel in Paje Beach, Paje No credit card needed Atlas Hotel Paje has a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Paje. Located around 100 metres from Paje Beach, the hotel is also 19 km away from Jozani Forest. The hotel is a 1 minute walk to the beach and a few minutes to the mainroad of Paje. Show more Show less From CAD 41 per night 8.3 Very good 41 reviews Dreamland Bungalows Michamvi Kae Hotel in Michamvi No credit card needed Set in Michamvi, 300 metres from Michamvi Kae Beach, Dreamland Bungalows Michamvi Kae offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. Very nice and friendly staff, delicious breakfast. Show more Show less From CAD 37 per night 8.7 Fabulous 63 reviews FAQs about hotels on Zanzibar How much is a hotel on Zanzibar for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel on Zanzibar this weekend is CAD 151 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 242. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels on Zanzibar for this weekend cost on average around CAD 610 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much does it cost to stay in a hotel on Zanzibar? On average, 3-star hotels on Zanzibar cost CAD 141 per night, and 4-star hotels on Zanzibar are CAD 215 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel on Zanzibar can on average be found for CAD 545 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels on Zanzibar near Abeid Amani Karume International Airport? Travellers who stayed on Zanzibar near Abeid Amani Karume International Airport (ZNZ) have said good things about Golden Tulip Zanzibar Airport Hotel & Spa, Golden Palm Boutique Zanzibar and The Manor House by Sansi. Among the hotels near Abeid Amani Karume International Airport on Zanzibar, Madinat Al Bahr Business & Spa Hotel, Spice Palace Hotel and Zanzibar Coffee House have also been highly rated. What hotels on Zanzibar offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels on Zanzibar that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Kijani Beach Villas, Amani Hotel Paje and Villa Juliana. Breakfast at these hotels on Zanzibar are also highly rated: TheSpot, Casa Paradis and Boutique Hotel Matlai. What hotels on Zanzibar are good for couples? Couples travelling on Zanzibar loved staying at Casa Paradis, The African Paradise Beach Hotel and Passion Boutique Hotel Zanzibar - Adults Only. Similarly, these hotels on Zanzibar are highly rated by couples: Boutique Hotel Matlai, Babalao Bungalows and Kizikula. How much is a hotel on Zanzibar for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 137 per night to book a 3-star hotel on Zanzibar for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 215 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel on Zanzibar will cost around CAD 562 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels on Zanzibar are good for families? Many families visiting Zanzibar loved staying at Boutique Hotel Matlai, Kilindi Zanzibar and BaraBara Eat&Sleep - Eco Boutique Hotel. Similarly, Passion Boutique Hotel Zanzibar - Adults Only, Casa Paradis and The African Paradise Beach Hotel are also popular among family travellers. What is the best neighbourhood to stay on Zanzibar? Jambiani Beach, Nungwi Beach and Paje Beach are popular with other travellers visiting Zanzibar. What are the best hotels on Zanzibar near Mnemba Island? Some of the best hotels on Zanzibar near Mnemba Island include Emerald Zanzibar Resort & Spa - Deluxe All Inclusive, Chunga Changa and Sunshine Marine Lodge. What are the best cities to stay on Zanzibar? Zanzibar City, Nungwi and Uroa are popular with other travellers visiting Zanzibar. What hotels on Zanzibar have nice views? Kijani Beach Villas, Hekaya Zanzibar and TOA Hotel & Spa Zanzibar have received great reviews from travellers on Zanzibar regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying on Zanzibar also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Daniel Zanzibar Hotel, Kilindi Zanzibar and Alladin Boutique Beach Hotel and SPA Zanzibar. How many hotels on Zanzibar are listed on Booking.com? There are 838 hotels on Zanzibar you can book on Booking.com. What are the best hotels to stay on Zanzibar? Babalao Bungalows, Canary Nungwi Hotel & Free SPA and Mahali Zanzibar are some of the popular hotels on Zanzibar. In addition to these hotels, Casa Paradis, The African Paradise Beach Hotel and Passion Boutique Hotel Zanzibar - Adults Only are also popular on Zanzibar. Planning a trip? Get inspired by reviews of cities on Zanzibar 10 Have been to several hotels in Zanzibar and this one is... Have been to several hotels in Zanzibar and this one is excellent. Actually it is better in reality than in pictures! You are absolutely amazed upon arrival!! The other hotels have good pics but not reflecting the reality. Jambiani is a real 4 stars hotel. The villas are absolutely fantastic with incredible views and made in the way that you are feeling home. Every details has been set up in order for you to spend wonderful holidays! The villas have a real taste of luxury but it is melting in the environment! They have solar system and generator to take over electricity outrage and furnitures are absolutely tasty and comfortable . Service and restaurant are excellent! Thanks for this wonderful time with you! Show more Show less Rehana France 6.0 Zanzibar is nice if you want to relax, maybe at a beach... Zanzibar is nice if you want to relax, maybe at a beach resort hotel. The community and people live a very basic simple type of life style. The island is very untidy in many areas and you have many of the islanders walking or riding motorcycles as transportation. The airport is horrible! HORRIBLE! No structure at all; it's basically a one room building with wires coming from the ceiling and broken tiles on the floor. You pay 50 dollars for a visa when you get there. However, Americans should be aware they charge US 100 dollars. They say it's a special visa which allows us 1 year entry but you wouldn't want to come back within a year after visiting. Basically a rip off experience... Just FYI. Other than that I enjoyed the 3 day safari in Arusha and my stay at Baladin. Show more Show less Anonymous United States 10 Nungwi beaches are the best in Zanzibar! Nungwi beaches are the best in Zanzibar! We traveled quite a bit during our stay to explore island, and definitely the best beaches are in Nungwi.. there are few resorts on that beach strip which are nice for dinners, especially recommended sea breeze in diamond resort! Show more Show less avalanciute United Kingdom 10 Nungwi is so beautiful, actually all of Zanzibar is... Nungwi is so beautiful, actually all of Zanzibar is beautiful. The only issue is the touts on the beach, but they weren't as bad as in Watamu, Kenya. Show more Show less Stefan Australia 10 Nungwi beaches I'd say is the most breath-taking in... Nungwi beaches I'd say is the most breath-taking in Zanzibar. The locals are friendly despite the poor living conditions. Nungwi Island has little in terms of souvenir (you re better off getting them in stone town) but all in all, I'd still lodge in nungwi when next I return cause am African and I was captivated by the beauty of the landscape Show more Show less EMMANUELLA Ireland 10 One of the best places I have ever been. One of the best places I have ever been. The beach is amazing. The water is brilliant and clear. The sand is white and clean, no sea grass or rubbish. When the sun goes down people play football in the sand. We stayed in Zanzibar Gold beach, an amazing restaurant and brilliant food. Show more Show less Agnes United Kingdom 6.0 Zanzibar City is an interesting mix of Africa and its Arabic... Zanzibar City is an interesting mix of Africa and its Arabic influences - a stark contrast to Kenya, Lagos or South Africa. People of Bantu orgin with a distinc Arabic influence comes to mind and it is characterised in the foods, the market and the architecture. There are amazing restuarants and coffee shops in the city and the day trips for snorkelling and visiting the surrounding islands are an absolute dream. When I return to the city I'd like to bypass rainy season and spend some time chartering a boat. I will definitely be back. Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom 6.0 City full of history but I visited 20 years ago. City full of history but I visited 20 years ago... I recently visited and felt like a wallet-tourist... not much friendliness (in fact a lot of arrogant aggressiveness) and locals are just looking on how to make you spend... For me, Zanzibar is loosing it... I feel bad for this destination I use to praise ! Show more Show less GilC Canada 8.0 Jambiani is a calm fishing village that seems not to be as... Jambiani is a calm fishing village that seems not to be as overrun by tourists as places farther north. You can walk for kilometers at the beach or do a cultural tour to get to know the village. Bigger hotels there organize the same activities and tours that you can find all over Zanzibar (diving, kitesurfing, spice tours etc.) However there is not much more that you can do. So if you are looking for a very calm place it is perfect for you. Show more Show less Anonymous Germany 8.0 Maybe not the best location in Zanzibar but exactly what I... Maybe not the best location in Zanzibar but exactly what I was looking for. Quiet and peaceful. Pleasant stuff and nice and cozy accommodation. Breakfast was good. Show more Show less Anonymous United Arab Emirates Explore guest reviews of hotels on Zanzibar See all Mkeka Spice Lodge Jambiani Jambiani From CAD 43 per night 8.8 Fabulous 191 reviews We stayed in three different hotels and Mkeka Spice Lodge was by far the best. We have never eaten such a rich breakfast anywhere. The portions were huge and everything was delicious. The rooms are very clean, there is always hot water. The beach is only a few minutes walk. Hotel service is fantastic. when we were leaving we were sad to say goodbye to the staff who were always helpful and always made us laugh. The hotel is well guarded and you can feel very safe. If we come back to Zanzibar it's only to Mkeka Spice Lodge.❤ Show more Show less Kinga United Kingdom Malika Nungwi Hotel Hotel in Nungwi From CAD 111 per night 9.2 Superb 494 reviews Customer service is not dead in 2023, it is alive and thriving at Malika Nungwi Hotel on Zanzibar. Khaled the manager works tirelessly to ensure his client’s needs are not only met, but exceeded to the minutest of details. The hotel and facilities are cool, clean and comfortable and the food fresh and delicious, but it is the staff that made it a memorable experience for me personally. Thank you to Khaled, Sophie, Neema and everyone at Malika. I will miss your smiles and warm hospitality and look forward to seeing you again. Show more Show less Nils Canada Aurora Boutique Hotel Jambiani Hotel in Jambiani From CAD 122 per night 9.5 Exceptional 303 reviews The Hotel is wonderfull, the restaurant is the best we had in Zanzibar. It is super clean, has a good location in Jambiani and it has everything you need. The hosts are out of this world, they have been most helpful and they are going out of their way to help you with everything you need, best hotel owners we’ve seen in the last decade at least. I totally recommand this place, would rate it higher than 5 stars if i could, oh and did i tell you about how good the food is? It can compete with any major hotel in Europe Show more Show less Andrei Romania The Zanzibari Hotel in Nungwi From CAD 262 per night 8.2 Very good 350 reviews I really enjoyed my stay at The Zanzibari Hotel and I am very impressed with the quality of service it had exceeded my expectations from the moment that I arrived at the hotel, the staff are very accommodating , friendly and my room is spectacular having a view of the sea. I also would like to add that the food was divine. Thank you so much to the whole team for your excellent service and for arranging the birthday surprise for me. I had a memorable stay ,Thank you very much and see you next time. Show more Show less Antoinette Philippines The Loop Beach Resort Hotel in Jambiani From CAD 158 per night 9.3 Superb 700 reviews Our Zanzibar getaway at The Loop Hotel was simply wonderful. The staff's kindness and the immaculate room were outstanding. The local-inspired decor added a lovely touch. Breakfast, with those irresistible donuts, was a highlight - big thanks to the chefs! Special shout-out to the welcoming staff and reception team for making our stay memorable. The pool area was a true oasis. Highly recommended for an exceptional retreat. Can't wait for our next visit! Warm regards, Show more Show less Duaa United Arab Emirates Pili Pili Sunrise Jambiani From CAD 90 per night 8.0 Very good 371 reviews Beautiful view from the room we booked. Hotel has a guest manager who checks in on all guests, which is a nice touch. Hotel has 2 other hotels that they work with so they try to keep it interesting, with breakfast moving between the lodges. It's right on the beach so easy access to many restaurants and hotels in the area.. Water cooler for guests and glass bottle in room so you can refill water anytime you need, with the blazing heat in Zanzibar, this was a nice touch. Show more Show less Neezles South Africa Sandies Baobab Beach Zanzibar Hotel in Nungwi From CAD 313 per night 8.5 Very good 1,538 reviews Hotel is very nice. I like the way it is as guests can feel real Africa. It is not typical modern hotel but resort with houses in African style, super charming. Garden is looking very nice and staff take care about every detail. Beach is definitely one of the best in Zanzibar. Location is really good and it is easy to make a tour from this hotel to any part of the island. Staff is simply amazing, always ready to assist and help. The best staff ever. Show more Show less Ana Qatar Bamboo Zanzibar Hotel in Jambiani From CAD 316 per night 9.1 Superb 108 reviews Bamboo Design Hotel is the place to stay if you are looking for peaceful and relaxing time. The hotel itself is absolutely stunning, with a design that embodies modern looking, but keeps a touch of Zanzibar style, the views from the pool and restaurant are breathtaking, the staff is very nice, ready to help and they make you feel spoiled, and there is THE FOOD, which was the most delicious, from snacks, to breakfast, lunch and dinner - TASTY! Show more Show less Canisag Romania V Hotel in Paje Hotel in Paje From CAD 116 per night 8.9 Fabulous 87 reviews The V Hotel offered everything that we needed for holidays - friendly and supportive staff, privacy, close location to the astonishing sandy beach, clean room, place to meet new people, and good starting point for trips to Zanzibar (especially East and South coast). We very much enjoyed hotel terrace in the evenings. The hotel is very comfortable and well decorated. We have very nice memories of this small but very cosy hotel. Show more Show less Ajda Slovenia Kiwengwa Beach Resort Kiwengwa From CAD 227 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,494 reviews -Very friendly and helpful stuff (Special thanks for General Manager Mr. Aied Rizkalla, Chef Lotfy, Stella, Zabron and Said) -Flash Tour Guide Suleyman he is very professional. He arranged our tours with best price in Zanzibar. -Delicious food served. -Best honeymoon welcoming I had ever seen in a hotel or resort. -Hotel location is perfect. 45 min to every where on island. Hotel is perfect for family’s and couples. Show more Show less Hasan Egypt Mem Luxury Apartments and Hotel Hotel in Paje From CAD 95 per night 9.3 Superb 261 reviews Perfect stay in Mem Luxury Hotel, our best hotel in Zanzibar so far ! The room is nice, large and clean with hot shower and the wifi is working ! The staff is just amazing, really nice people always here to help and to assist you ! The swimming pool is wide and long The restaurant is also totally tasty, they know how to cook fishes perfectly and the breakfast is also big and good ! We recommend this hotel 👍 Show more Show less Manon France New Teddy's on the Beach Jambiani From CAD 35 per night 9.1 Superb 694 reviews New Teddy's is like paradise, a lot of corners to relax, great breakfast and good dinner. We had an excellent tour in the village with cooking class with the Hotel guide and musician Coco, who also helped us in organizing our way back to Stone Town passing by Josiani Park and a spice farm. Thanks Coco. Great place to enjoy the beach and at the same time discover Zanzibar life! Show more Show less Luc Belgium Alladin Boutique Beach Hotel and SPA Zanzibar Hotel in Matemwe From CAD 250 per night 9.5 Exceptional 246 reviews Fantastic location on the Beach (Little bit of bumpy access road but it is in Zanzibar). Absolutely brilliant staff. Good food and wine, Sparkling clean pool and facilities. We were made to feel so welcome. Hotel brilliant at arranging any trips etc. and they have good local knowledge of better paces to go/visit etc, Probably the best Boutique Hotel I have ever stayed in Show more Show less Chris United Kingdom Kisiwa on the Beach Paje From CAD 262 per night 9.1 Superb 502 reviews We had a very nice welcome to this beautiful Hotel. Staff are very friendly. Spezial thanks for our waitre shaffy and collin. The Breakfast is very good with a lot of different food. Also, dinner was very varied some nights there was traditional cooking or bbq. The hotel is also very close to Zanzibar Kite Paradise - surf school. This hotel is recommendable! Show more Show less Robin Germany Paje Beach Apartments & Hotel Hotel in Paje From CAD 128 per night 8.7 Fabulous 370 reviews Paje Beach Apts & Hotel was our FAVORITE place to stay in Zanzibar!! Everything about it made our days there wonderful, from the warm and welcoming staff, to the location, pool, proximity to the beach, decoration, cleanliness, breakfast, the bar, live music, just everything! We are nostalgic about our days there and can't wait until we return. Show more Show less Rachel Spain Aluna Paje Hotel in Paje From CAD 119 per night 8.9 Fabulous 436 reviews Outstanding personnel and Really Nice Hotel. Rooms are really spacious. Location wise - have in mind that you are on 5 min walking distance (where locals houses are) from the beach. Hotelwise - little too expensive for Zanzibar, but staff is Amazing. All of them are super responsive and will take care of your smallest requests! Cudos guys! Show more Show less Georgi Bulgaria Zanzibar Palace Hotel Hotel in Zanzibar City From CAD 184 per night 8.7 Fabulous 293 reviews We really enjoyed our stay at Zanzibar Palace Hotel. It was perfectly located for exploring Stone Town and felt very safe. It was also walking distance to the port/beach. The staff were really friendly and helpful and the room was lovely and comfortable, with a simple but tasty breakfast available every morning. Would happily stay again. Show more Show less Trinda United Kingdom Villa Bluu Hotel in Jambiani From CAD 292 per night 9.5 Exceptional 73 reviews everything ! we’ve decided to come back for a few days after a very very bad experience (at the Baladin Hotel in Pingwee - don’t trust the reviews of this place that’s a total scam). Regina, Humphrey and all the team made our second stay at Villa Bluu perfect! thanks a lot for everything, best place in Zanzibar!!! Show more Show less marion France Tembo House Hotel Hotel in Zanzibar City From CAD 138 per night 8.2 Very good 4,420 reviews Well the location of the Hotel is a plus. Almost all hotels in Zanzibar are near to beach, but this one is in old stone town and near to the Jetty where you can get boats to prison island (tortoise experience) and other excursions. The sea facing balcony was bif plus where I could see the sunset from. Show more Show less Sanjeev Kumar India Jambiani Backpackers Hostel Jambiani From CAD 17 per night 9.4 Superb 70 reviews The Hostel has the best vibes if you are travelling as a backpacker. The rooms are comfortable with AC which is the most required thing in Zanzibar. The host is really nice and will help you in all manner possible. The pool is good to chill out in the afternoon and the beach is hardly 2 minutes away. Show more Show less Rana India Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Serengeti Hit the road and make the most of your trip by discovering another popular destination within Tanzania. Hotels on Mafia Island Discover another popular destination within Tanzania. Flights to Zanzibar Reaching Zanzibar just got easier! Hotels in Nungwi A popular choice with guests visiting Zanzibar. Hotels in Paje A popular choice with guests visiting Zanzibar. Hotels in Tanzania Set off to explore the whole country. Hotels in Zanzibar Central Thinking about a longer trip? Looking for ideas for other destinations? Take a look at nearby Zanzibar Central and continue your search! Hotels in Zanzibar Archipelago Take a look at properties in a destination nearby. Resorts on Zanzibar Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440