The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Ottawa, Canada - Ottawa hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Ottawa Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Ottawa hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada Ontario Ottawa Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Ottawa – 114 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ByWard Blue Inn Hotel in Byward Market, Ottawa This Ottawa hotel is in the ByWard Market area, within a 10-minute walk of the National Gallery of Canada. The hotel offers rooms with a microwave and mini fridge. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 4,053 reviews Price fromCAD 125per night Check availability Hampton Inn by Hilton Ottawa Airport Hotel in Ottawa Featuring an indoor saltwater pool and fitness centre, Hampton Inn by Hilton Ottawa Airport is only 3.5 km from Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport. Show more 8.4 Very good 622 reviews Price fromCAD 126.78per night Check availability Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport Hotel in Ottawa Less than 1 km from EY Centre, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport is set in Ottawa and features air-conditioned rooms. Show more 9.1 Superb 1,380 reviews Price fromCAD 152.15per night Check availability Sonder Rideau Hotel in Downtown Ottawa, Ottawa Attractively located in the centre of Ottawa, Sonder Rideau is within 600 metres of Rideau Locks and less than 1 km of Peace Tower. Show more 9.0 Superb 955 reviews Price fromCAD 258.77per night Check availability Sandman Signature Ottawa Airport Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Set in Ottawa, 5.7 km from EY Centre, Sandman Signature Ottawa Airport Hotel offers accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,288 reviews Price fromCAD 161per night Check availability Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Ottawa Downtown East, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Set in Ottawa, 1.6 km from 24 Sussex Drive, Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Ottawa Downtown East, an IHG Hotel offers accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a garden and a shared lounge.... Show more 8.0 Very good 5,146 reviews Price fromCAD 153per night Check availability Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt Hotel in Byward Market, Ottawa Situated in the Ottawa's trendy Byward Market district, Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt features free WiFi and an on-site fitness centre. Parliament Hill is 1.1 km from this hotel. Show more 8.0 Very good 1,337 reviews Price fromCAD 180per night Check availability Novotel Ottawa City Centre Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Situated in downtown Ottawa, just 5 minutes' walk from the fashionable Byward Market district, Novotel Ottawa offers an indoor pool and free WiFi. Show more 8.0 Very good 1,210 reviews Price fromCAD 161per night Check availability Hilton Garden Inn Ottawa Airport Hotel in Ottawa Seconds from Ottawa MacDonald Cartier International Airport this conveniently located hotel is completely soundproofed and offers many exceptional on-site amenities and facilities. Show more 8.3 Very good 1,728 reviews Price fromCAD 122.40per night Check availability Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Downtown Hotel in Downtown Ottawa, Ottawa Situated in Ottawa, 300 metres from Supreme Court of Canada, Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Downtown features accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. Show more 8.5 Very good 1,424 reviews Price fromCAD 171.62per night Check availability See all 85 hotels in Ottawa Most booked hotels in Ottawa in the past month See all ByWard Blue Inn Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 8.7 Fabulous · 4,054 reviews WelcomINNS Ottawa Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 7.7 Good · 1,718 reviews Sonder Rideau Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 9.0 Superb · 951 reviews Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Ottawa Downtown East, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 8.0 Very good · 5,146 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Ottawa Airport Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 8.3 Very good · 1,728 reviews Lord Elgin Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 8.0 Very good · 1,917 reviews Novotel Ottawa City Centre Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 8.0 Very good · 1,210 reviews Arc The Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 7.4 Good · 1,355 reviews Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 7.9 Good · 1,085 reviews Hampton by Hilton Ottawa Hotel in Ottawa Popular with guests booking hotels in Ottawa 8.8 Fabulous · 2,363 reviews Ottawa's best hotels with breakfast See all Novotel Ottawa City Centre Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Breakfast options Situated in downtown Ottawa, just 5 minutes' walk from the fashionable Byward Market district, Novotel Ottawa offers an indoor pool and free WiFi. Comfortable bed, loved the nespresso machine in the room Avg. price/night: CAD 189.21 8.0 Very good · 1,210 reviews Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Airport Hotel in Ottawa Breakfast options Featuring barbecue facilities, Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Airport is located in Ottawa in the Ontario region, 2.3 km from EY Centre and 9 km from TD Place Stadium. The room was very spaceous and complete with kitchen. Avg. price/night: CAD 168.82 8.8 Fabulous · 413 reviews Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Kanata Hotel in Ottawa Breakfast options Homewood Suites by Hilton Ottawa Kanata is just 5 minutes' drive from Kanata’s North Business Park. Downtown Ottawa is 14 km away. Good sized room very clean . Excellent reception staff Avg. price/night: CAD 204.78 8.8 Fabulous · 580 reviews TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Hotel in Ottawa Breakfast options Boasting an indoor pool, TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata is situated in Ottawa, 2.8 km from Canadian Tire Centre. Très propre, grande chambre avec cuisinette. On aime ça Avg. price/night: CAD 190.27 8.6 Fabulous · 153 reviews Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata Hotel in Ottawa Breakfast options Offering a complimentary daily breakfast, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata boasts free WiFi throughout, an indoor pool and a fitness centre. Funktional eingerichtetes Zimmer, sauber, gutes Frühstück. Avg. price/night: CAD 200.90 8.3 Very good · 141 reviews Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Breakfast options Located just off Highway 174 and behind the Shenkman Arts Centre, Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ottawa East-Orleans offers accommodation in Ottawa. Best price for your dogs! 25$ a stay for both my dogs! Avg. price/night: CAD 158.65 8.4 Very good · 566 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Ottawa Airport Hotel in Ottawa Breakfast options Within a 5-minute drive from the airport, Residence Inn By Marriott Ottawa Airport boasts an indoor pool, fitness centre and hot daily breakfast. The rooms are very spacious, very clean, and well equipped. Avg. price/night: CAD 233.86 8.7 Fabulous · 637 reviews Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Ottawa West-Nepean, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Breakfast options This Nepean, Ontario hotel features rooms with refrigerators and free WiFi. A daily buffet breakfast is served. Downtown Ottawa within 20 minutes' drive. The staff was super!!!! They were polite, helpful and very nice! Avg. price/night: CAD 189.75 8.3 Very good · 696 reviews Budget hotels in Ottawa See all Hilton Garden Inn Ottawa Airport Hotel in Ottawa Budget Hotel Seconds from Ottawa MacDonald Cartier International Airport this conveniently located hotel is completely soundproofed and offers many exceptional on-site amenities and facilities. The quiet and first time bringing our dig and best service Avg. price/night: CAD 143.84 8.3 Very good · 1,728 reviews Hampton by Hilton Ottawa Hotel in Ottawa Budget Hotel Offering free WiFi and a daily hot breakfast, Hampton Inn Ottawa is 3.8 km from the popular Byward Market neighbourhood. Guest rooms include air conditioning and a flat-screen TV. Spacious and clean rooms, modern amenities, friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 158.83 8.8 Fabulous · 2,363 reviews ByWard Blue Inn Hotel in Ottawa Budget Hotel This Ottawa hotel is in the ByWard Market area, within a 10-minute walk of the National Gallery of Canada. The hotel offers rooms with a microwave and mini fridge. Perfect location,great breakfast,comfortable room. 10/10 Avg. price/night: CAD 146.90 8.7 Fabulous · 4,052 reviews Hampton Inn & Suites Ottawa West, Ontario, Canada Hotel in Ottawa Budget Hotel Featuring 2-star accommodation, Hampton Inn & Suites Ottawa West, Ontario, Canada is located in Ottawa, 16 km from Canadian Tire Centre and 16 km from EY Centre. Very good and conveniently placed. Great selection! Avg. price/night: CAD 168.82 8.7 Fabulous · 653 reviews Hampton Inn by Hilton Ottawa Airport Hotel in Ottawa Budget Hotel Featuring an indoor saltwater pool and fitness centre, Hampton Inn by Hilton Ottawa Airport is only 3.5 km from Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport. The hotel was very clean and breakfast was delicious Avg. price/night: CAD 156.15 8.4 Very good · 622 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa East Hotel in Ottawa Budget Hotel This hotel is located next to RCGT Park, 4 km from downtown Ottawa. It features an on-site restaurant, an indoor pool and hot tub, and free WiFi. Room is excellent.very convenient to the conference venue. Avg. price/night: CAD 158.38 8.4 Very good · 833 reviews Best Western Plus Ottawa City Centre Hotel in Ottawa Budget Hotel This eco-friendly hotel features a fitness centre and seasonal outdoor pool. Free WiFi and on-site parking are available at no extra cost. The room was perfect. The breakfast was good a value. Avg. price/night: CAD 152.54 8.1 Very good · 790 reviews WelcomINNS Ottawa Hotel in Ottawa Budget Hotel Situated only minutes outside of downtown Ottawa, Ontario, just off Highway 417, this comfortable hotel offers a convenient location, ideal whether in town for business or for pleasure. Nice staff. Very comfortable beds. Breakfast included. Avg. price/night: CAD 163.35 7.7 Good · 1,718 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Ottawa See all The Metcalfe by Gray Collection Hotel in Ottawa Central location Located in downtown Ottawa, within 5 minutes' walk of Parliament Hill. Each guest room includes a flat-screen TV with cable channels and pay-per-view movies. Free WiFi is provided. Design was beautiful. Incredible location. Amazing staff! Avg. price/night: CAD 219.76 8.9 Fabulous · 301 reviews Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience Hotel in Ottawa Central location Located in Ottawa, 60 metres from Rideau Locks, Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience provides accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking, a terrace and a bar. El hotel está muy bien de servicios y restaurantes Avg. price/night: CAD 582.62 8.9 Fabulous · 70 reviews Le Germain Hotel Ottawa Hotel in Ottawa Central location Located in Ottawa, 400 metres from Ottawa Convention Centre, Le Germain Hotel Ottawa has a fitness centre, a bar and on-site dining. Fabulous decor- very professional, trendy and clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 295.09 8.9 Fabulous · 568 reviews reStays Ottawa Hotel in Ottawa Central location Attractively set in Ottawa, reStays Ottawa features air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a terrace. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a concierge service. location was amazing, room was huge, clean, comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 236.83 8.6 Fabulous · 396 reviews Swiss Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Central location Less than 10 minutes' walk from the popular Byward Market area, the adult-only Swiss Hotel is located in Ottawa. Free WiFi is available throughout. Location is very good, it is clean and has good managers. Avg. price/night: CAD 232.69 8.5 Very good · 304 reviews Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Ottawa Airport, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Ottawa Central location Only 2 km from the Airport, Holiday Inn Express Ottawa Airport offers an indoor pool. A flat-screen cable TV and refrigerator are featured in each room. On-site dry cleaning is also available. Everything else was excellent! Best hotel we've stayed at. Avg. price/night: CAD 190.38 8.3 Very good · 486 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Ottawa Downtown Hotel in Ottawa Central location This Ottawa, Ontario hotel is in the centre of Byward Market, 10 minutes’ walk to Ottawa Convention Centre and 1 km from the Alexandra Bridge. Staff was courteus, location is central to everything Avg. price/night: CAD 197.68 8.1 Very good · 457 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Ottawa Downtown Hotel in Ottawa Central location This hotel boasts an exceptional location in the heart of Ottawa city centre, only moments from top attractions, and features free WiFi is available in all rooms at this completely non-smoking hotel. Person, gentleman serving breakfast Was so pleasant Avg. price/night: CAD 188.80 8.1 Very good · 670 reviews FAQs about hotels in Ottawa How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Ottawa? On average, 3-star hotels in Ottawa cost CAD 183 per night, and 4-star hotels in Ottawa are CAD 278 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Ottawa can on average be found for CAD 573 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Ottawa for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Ottawa this weekend is CAD 208 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 242. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Ottawa for this weekend cost on average around CAD 469 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Ottawa for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 241 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Ottawa for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 481 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Ottawa will cost around CAD 622 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Ottawa are good for families? Many families visiting Ottawa loved staying at Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport, The Metcalfe by Gray Collection and Sonder Rideau. What are the best hotels in Ottawa near Parliament Hill? Some of the best hotels in Ottawa near Parliament Hill include Sonder Rideau, The Metcalfe by Gray Collection and Auberge des Arts Bed and Breakfast. What are the best hotels in Ottawa near Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Ottawa near Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport (YOW) have said good things about Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport, Hilton Garden Inn Ottawa Airport and Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Ottawa? Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport, Sonder Rideau and Hampton by Hilton Ottawa are some of the popular hotels in Ottawa. What hotels in Ottawa offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Ottawa that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Metcalfe by Gray Collection, ByWard Blue Inn and Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport. What hotels in Ottawa are good for couples? These hotels in Ottawa are highly rated by couples: Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport, Sonder Rideau and Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Kanata. What hotels in Ottawa have nice views? TownePlace Suites by Marriott Ottawa Kanata, Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Airport and ByWard Blue Inn have received great reviews from travellers in Ottawa regarding the views from their hotel rooms. A Symbol of Canadian Pride On the south bank of the Ottawa River, the Canadian capital Ottawa is a grand symbol of what the country stands for: bilingualism, civic pride and wonderful vistas. Facing Langevin Block (the prime minister’s office) is the city’s most famous landmark - the Centre Block parliament building. Its tall central tower and circular parliamentary library make a great photograph from Gatineau across the river, which is joined to the UNESCO World Heritage-listed Rideau Canal by a series of locks. Skating on the frozen canal is a highlight of the huge Ottawa Winterlude festival. The city’s history is detailed in Bytown Museum by the locks. Opposite is peaceful Major’s Hill Park, overlooked by Château Laurier, a historic hotel named after a former prime minister. Also named after him is Laurier House, his seat of office. Other important national buildings include the Royal Canadian Mint, Supreme Court, and Rideau Hall, the Queen’s official residence when in the country. The business district and Ottawa Convention Centre are in Downtown, and nearby shopping options include Rideau Mall and ByWard Market - the oldest farmers’ market in Canada and the area with the best nightlife. Ottawa accommodation on Booking.com includes luxury hotels with pools, B&Bs with parking and apartments near the train station, all easily accessible from MacDonald-Cartier Airport. Learn more about visiting Ottawa 4 attractions 50 points of interest 7 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Ottawa: 10 We scheduled a private tour with Rob C. We scheduled a private tour with Rob C. Tours by Locals who was outstanding in his advance preparation aligned with our interests and his deep knowledge of Ottawa, also pre-scheduled tour of Parliament and the Supreme Court...and walked along the river path..and then - exceptionally awe-inspiring view of Chaudiere Falls! United States 8.0 Ottawa is a beautiful city to visit. Ottawa is a beautiful city to visit. Nice architecture and the Rideau canal is just stunning. That being said, its also a bit expensive and somewhat boring in terms of nightlife. Bar close early and drinks cost a fortune. Its a nice place if you want to consume art, architecture, and nature, but not so much for party. Delorme 10 We went to Ottawa because we are interested in government,... We went to Ottawa because we are interested in government, and we were able to join tours of the Senate, the House of Commons, and the Supreme Court. Good tours with knowledgeable and friendly staff guides. Ottawa also has a lot of museums - we were able to visit the Canadian Museum of Nature, the Canada Science and Technology Museum, and the National Gallery. The only thing is that they all (or most?) have entrance fees. On the whole, Ottawa is a nice city - beautiful architecture, walkable, with good restaurants. Would recommend. roy 10 Cab drivers are knowledgeable and friendly. Cab drivers are knowledgeable and friendly. Would take a cab again in a heartbeat. Lots of attractions. Something for everyone. City seems to be fairly easy to get around in. TD Place is worth a trip to just to see all that is there. Brian Canada 6.0 I didn't know what to expect and didn't get myself informed... I didn't know what to expect and didn't get myself informed before I went. I now looked up things online and found a review that refers to Ottawa as the "architectural armpit of Ontario", and I kind of have to agree. Parliament Hill was nice, other than that, Ottawa doesn't have that much to offer, I'm sorry. It's all seems a bit uninspired and incohesive. The city has no special vibe or flair. I walked around downtown a bit, to a nice church and a gallery, and the market area was okay, but I was done with all of that in half a day. Way too many homeless people filling the streets, far more than in Montreal or Toronto. Joerg Germany 10 As a capital city; Ottawa has very little congestion and is... As a capital city; Ottawa has very little congestion and is really easy to drive and walk around. It isn’t hugely historic, but does have a strong arts perspective. It is phenomenally close to the Gatineau area of Quebec province which means you can easily combine ‘city’ and ‘rural’ activities, if you are mobile. We visited in the Fall, which was absolutely beautiful. Would recommend the Brasserie Metropolitain in the city centre. Cafes in in the Old Chelsea area of Gatineau Hills and also the quaint town of Wakefield that has a lovely general store with beautiful local produce. Deborah United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Ottawa See all Homewood Suites By Hilton Ottawa Downtown Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 170 per night 8.5 Very good 1,424 reviews The breakfast was great as well as with the staff service. We came as a basketball team and my son enjoyed the pool with his friends. Going home with the bronze medal for the boys and staying at your great property made the whole experience awesome and even more memorable overall. I would definitely comeback next time and/or recommend Downtown Homewood Suites by Hilton in downtown Ottawa. Thank you Show more Show less Danny Canada The Century House Bed and Breakfast Ottawa Ottawa From CAD 150 per night 9.3 Superb 204 reviews The house is lovely, very clean and well maintained. Vittorio is a great host and prepares delicious breakfasts. He even saved me breakfast the first day, when I couldn't make it in time due to an early morning appointment, so thanks again for that! The property is located just a few minutest walk away from downtown Ottawa. Show more Show less Patrik Berthoty Canada Andaz Ottawa Byward Market-a concept by Hyatt Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 180 per night 8.0 Very good 1,337 reviews I really enjoyed my stay at Andaz. The room was very clean and modern, and communication with staff was easy. They seemed to be taking COVID measures very seriously, which made us more comfortable during our stay. The hotel itself is perfectly located in downtown Ottawa. We will definitely be coming back! Show more Show less Jennifer Canada Sonder Rideau Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 232.90 per night 9.0 Superb 955 reviews A great location for staying in downtown Ottawa. The "Superior Apartment" was perfect for our longer stay, with a good kitchen (oven, dishwasher, microwave, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, fridge/freezer), a large living room, and a separate bed room. Friendly staff. Show more Show less Arnout Netherlands Comfort Inn Ottawa East Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 132.21 per night 7.3 Good 484 reviews The breakfast was first rate with a lot of choices, eggs, meat, bread, yogurt, fruit, waffles, juices, coffeee, cereal, etc. The hotel while close to the highway, was quiet. It was easy to acess the train and bus, but downtown Ottawa was just 7 minutes by car. Show more Show less Harold United States The Westin Ottawa Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 215.10 per night 8.0 Very good 655 reviews The bed was SO comfortable, we had a view of the downtown area (including the Parliament buildings and the Chateau Laurier), we were within walking distance of many of the main attractions. The hotel was so clean and I felt safe. Show more Show less Christina Canada Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Ottawa Downtown East, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 153 per night 8.0 Very good 5,140 reviews This lovely hotel had the best value, cleanliness and comfort in our cross Canada trip. Breakfast was great! Gym and pool were terrific! Show more Show less Norma Canada Sheraton Ottawa Hotel Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 175 per night 7.9 Good 1,085 reviews Location is the best feature of this hotel. Located in the heart of downtown and walking distance from major attractions Show more Show less Himani Canada Sonder The O'Connor Ottawa From CAD 211.73 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,436 reviews Clean, well equipped, proximity to downtown Ottawa, quiet - bed is comfy - facility has been modernized Show more Show less Catherine Canada JstLikeHome - Getaway Ottawa From CAD 128 per night 8.3 Very good 111 reviews Owner is lovely and helpful. Location is good to access Ottawa downtown and highway. Plenty of room. Show more Show less Cezar United Kingdom Hyatt Place Ottawa West Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 194.37 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,445 reviews easy access by car to downtown Ottawa. free parking. Good restaurant just across the parking lot. Show more Show less Les Canada Arc The Hotel Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 152.15 per night 7.4 Good 1,357 reviews Very good rooms in a perfect location in Ottawa downtown. Show more Show less Enrique Spain Days Inn by Wyndham Ottawa Hotel in Ottawa From CAD 136.80 per night 6.6 Review score 1,693 reviews the location to see downtown Ottawa was fantastic Show more Show less Siobhan Canada The Business Inn Ottawa From CAD 122 per night 8.5 Very good 7,965 reviews Perfect location for a trip to downtown Ottawa! Show more Show less Carla Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Flights to Ottawa Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hostels in Ottawa More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Ottawa More great accommodation options for your trip. B&Bs in Ottawa More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Canada Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Toronto Take a look at hotels in Toronto and explore more of Canada. Hotels in Niagara Falls Discover another destination in Canada. Hotels in Ontario Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Ottawa Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|6,1870380,1846890,1866460,1833870,1870380|3,1847760,1847760|3,1871440