The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Jasper, Canada - Jasper hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Jasper Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Jasper hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada Alberta Jasper Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Jasper – 21 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Mount Robson Inn Hotel in Jasper Situated in the heart of Jasper National Park, this hotel offers a seasonal ski shuttle service. Free Wi-Fi is provided in all guest rooms. Jasper city centre is 2 minutes’ drive away. Show more 8.2 Very good 1,522 reviews Price fromCAD 146per night Check availability Jasper Inn & Suites by INNhotels Hotel in Jasper Located in the heart of Jasper National Park, this hotel offers on-site dining and an indoor pool and hot tub. A sauna and steam room is available. Free Wi-Fi is included in all guest rooms. Show more 8.0 Very good 3,251 reviews Price fromCAD 134per night Check availability Whistler's Inn Hotel in Jasper The hotel is located within Jasper National Park, 8 km from the Jasper tramway. The hotel offers 2 on-site restaurants and a pub. Whistler's Inn features cable TV, and a coffee maker in every room. 8.2 Very good 1,475 reviews Price fromCAD 149per night Check availability The Crimson Jasper Hotel in Jasper The Crimson Jasper is only a 10 minute walk from Jasper Railway Station. Terra Restaurant serves a daily breakfast buffet. Guest rooms include free WiFi. 8.3 Very good 1,199 reviews Price fromCAD 145per night Check availability Chateau Jasper Hotel in Jasper Featuring an indoor pool and hot tub and serving breakfast in their Silverwater Grill restaurant. Show more 8.0 Very good 947 reviews Price fromCAD 152per night Check availability Forest Park Hotel Hotel in Jasper Featuring an indoor pool and on-site spa services, Forest Park Hotel offers 3 restaurants. Free WiFi and a refrigerator are included in each guest room. Show more 7.6 Good 1,843 reviews Price fromCAD 121per night Check availability Tonquin Inn Hotel in Jasper Featuring an indoor pool, Tonquin Inn is located in Jasper National Park and surrounded by the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Free WiFi is available. Show more 7.0 Good 2,002 reviews Price fromCAD 116.10per night Check availability Astoria Hotel Hotel in Jasper Located in the heart of Jasper within the Canadian Rockies, The Astoria Hotel features Papa George’s Restaurant and De’d Dog Bar & Grill on site. Show more 6.5 Pleasant 1,357 reviews Price fromCAD 99per night Check availability Athabasca Hotel Hotel in Jasper An on-site restaurant and bar are featured at this Jasper hotel. Free Wi-Fi is offered in all guest rooms. Marmot Basin is 22 km away. A cable TV is provided in each room at Athabasca Hotel. Show more 7.5 Good 1,199 reviews Price fromCAD 89per night Check availability Jasper Downtown Hostel Hotel in Jasper Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Jasper Downtown Hostel offers accommodation in Jasper city centre. This property offers both dorm style and private bedrooms. Show more 8.4 Very good 1,754 reviews Price fromCAD 93.21per night Check availability See all 35 hotels in Jasper Most booked hotels in Jasper in the past month See all Jasper Inn & Suites by INNhotels Hotel in Jasper Popular with guests booking hotels in Jasper 8.0 Very good · 3,251 reviews Forest Park Hotel Hotel in Jasper Popular with guests booking hotels in Jasper 7.6 Good · 1,843 reviews Mount Robson Inn Hotel in Jasper Popular with guests booking hotels in Jasper 8.2 Very good · 1,522 reviews The Crimson Jasper Hotel in Jasper Popular with guests booking hotels in Jasper 8.3 Very good · 1,199 reviews Whistler's Inn Hotel in Jasper Popular with guests booking hotels in Jasper 8.2 Very good · 1,475 reviews Chateau Jasper Hotel in Jasper Popular with guests booking hotels in Jasper 8.0 Very good · 947 reviews Tonquin Inn Hotel in Jasper Popular with guests booking hotels in Jasper 7.0 Good · 2,002 reviews Astoria Hotel Hotel in Jasper Popular with guests booking hotels in Jasper 6.5 Pleasant · 1,357 reviews Athabasca Hotel Hotel in Jasper Popular with guests booking hotels in Jasper 7.5 Good · 1,199 reviews FAQs about hotels in Jasper Which hotels in Jasper are good for families? Many families visiting Jasper loved staying at The Crimson Jasper, Mount Robson Inn and Whistler's Inn. What are the best hotels in Jasper near Miette Hot Springs? Some of the best hotels in Jasper near Miette Hot Springs include Jasper East Cabins, Overlander Mountain Lodge and The Gingerbread Cabin. What are the best hotels to stay in Jasper? The Crimson Jasper, Whistler's Inn and Mount Robson Inn are some of the popular hotels in Jasper. What hotels in Jasper are good for couples? These hotels in Jasper are highly rated by couples: Whistler's Inn, The Crimson Jasper and Mount Robson Inn. What hotels in Jasper have nice views? Whistler's Inn, The Crimson Jasper and Jasper Inn & Suites by INNhotels have received great reviews from travellers in Jasper regarding the views from their hotel rooms. The Uplifting Power of Nature Jasper sits in a green valley within a national park surrounded by the majestic Canadian Rockies. Water in its various forms has shaped the dramatic scenery and continues to create serene landscapes. Tree-lined Lake Beauvert is the closest to town, but Pyramid and Patricia lakes are more famous thanks to the rugged peaks perfectly reflected in their still waters. Arguably the best of all is Maligne Lake whose incredible water colour is eclipsed by small, pine-lined Spirit Island. You may not know the name, but you’ll probably recognise the view. Many glaciers come off the huge Columbia Icefield, roughly midway between Jasper and Lake Louise. Some have cut canyons where you can go ice walking. Other winter sports include ice skating and skiing at the Marmot Basin resort, named after local animals. Bears inhabit the surrounding forests and more wildlife lives at The Den at Whistler Inn, just one Jasper accommodation option on Booking.com alongside mountain lodges and pet-friendly hotels with pools. The Jasper Tramway – Canada’s highest cable car – goes to the top of The Whistlers mountain, and on the slopes of another are the Miette Hot Springs open-air pool. The Jasper-Yellowhead Museum details the area’s history, and traditional Haida styles and colours are celebrated in the modern Two Brothers Totem Pole Learn more about visiting Jasper 1 attraction 3 points of interest Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Jasper: 8.0 It's easy to get around Jasper. It's easy to get around Jasper. They have just recently provided long-term parking, which works for those driving their own vehicle to get on and return from the Jasper to Prince Rupert Via Rail train run (Sept. 2023). We picked up Starbucks drinks, ordered food from a variety of restaurants that were yummy. Gluten Free/Dairy Free options are available at a few restaurants; no desserts though, as per usual restaurant fare. Leeka Canada 8.0 We visited Angel Glacier. We visited Angel Glacier. Wouldn't have missed that for anything. Malign Lake and the boat trip to Spirit Island was memorable. Glad we didn't miss that. We were there 2 days. 3 would have been better. Lyle United States 10 The mountains and lakes in Jasper are amazing! The mountains and lakes in Jasper are amazing! the colour of the water is so inviting, I wish it was warmer when we went so we could swim. We ate at birch and jasper pizza place which were both pretty good. Jasper is pretty small so once you are in the town you can easily walk around the entire downtown area. be aware, sometimes it can be very smoky due to forest fires which greatly hurts the views of the mountains. Jacob 10 We visit Jasper once or twice a year and it is one of our... We visit Jasper once or twice a year and it is one of our most favorite spots. We always go on the cruise to Spirit Island every year to rejuvenate our soul. We always take the Wildlife Adventure trip and this year we saw two eagles in the nest and 2 female bears with a total of 5 cubs. The Elk as usual were plentiful. The only thing that upset me was the amount of fools getting out of their cars and with little children. Not the animals fault but sadly they will be the ones to pay in the long run. Crane Canada 10 Jasper Skytram, Lake Maligne and Mt Edith Cavell are all... Jasper Skytram, Lake Maligne and Mt Edith Cavell are all AWESOME weather depending. Unfortunately Jasper's weather can change dramatically throughout the day. So maybe wait until you get there before paying, but then summer crowds can delay you. The town is 2 parallel streets of eateries and shops - all within a short walk V & D Perth Australia 8.0 Jasper town is vibrant with shops n restaurants. Jasper town is vibrant with shops n restaurants. We found ethnic restaurants catering to foreign and locals along with the usual fast foods like KFC n Pizza Hut n A&W. LOTS of Parking but lacking coin/credit card operated payment stations. It is very frustrating finding a parking spot n no pay parking station in sight. For first time visitors to Jasper who are not Alberta residents, downloading the app was a challenge especially for older people. The QR code didn't work either. PRECIOUS time wasted trying to pay for parking in Jasper town Moong Explore guest reviews of hotels in Jasper See all Jasper Inn & Suites by INNhotels Jasper From CAD 150.97 per night 8.0 Very good · 3,251 reviews Pleasent hotel in Jasper. We were only there for one night however the hotel was more than appropriate for our stay. Its a slightly older hotel however the room was clean and comfy and, good bed and quiet. We went to the onsite restuarant for dinner and had a lovely meal. A good selection of meals and certainly no complaints. Happy to recommend the restaurant as there were not a lot of options nearby in Jasper for the evening. We also used the coin operated laundry for washing as we travel lite, No issues with washing facilities. Stevo Australia Mount Robson Inn Jasper From CAD 162.32 per night 8.2 Very good · 1,522 reviews Reception Services was excellent. The room was comfortable, but not luxurious. The air conditioning worked, but was noisy. There was plenty of parking, and Jasper town centre was a 10 minute walk away. Breakfast was very basic, but included within the room rate. If you simply want a comfortable base and intend to spend your time enjoying the area, then this hotel is perfectly fine for that. Eric United Kingdom The Crimson Jasper Jasper From CAD 163.21 per night 8.3 Very good · 1,199 reviews Excellent location, and super friendly staff. I highly recommend the Crimson. Ona side note, and I know this is not just a Crimson thing. All US and Canadian hotel seem to be doing this, but I do really miss having rooms cleaned during a hotel stay. I hope this comes back, but I have a feeling it won’t, as it is cheaper for the hotel not to provide that service. Leah Canada Tonquin Inn Jasper From CAD 129.08 per night 7.0 Good · 2,002 reviews Staff on phone and in person very helpful. They were understaffed at check in so wait was long, but the woman did her best and I complimented her. Need to have some updates with plugs, could not plug in the coffee maker in a convenient location, maybe install a couple more. Jasper is so beautiful and hotel is in a great location. Would come again. Denise Canada Athabasca Hotel Jasper From CAD 98.96 per night 7.5 Good · 1,199 reviews The front desk staff was polite, helpful and charming. The restaurant was good for breakfast. The nearness to the train depot was very handy. This fine, old hotel is beautiful to look at and stay in. The city of Jasper is a delight. Our train schedule left us with plenty of time to explore the city and enjoy it's amenities and character. David United States Jasper East Cabins Jasper From CAD 176.78 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 566 reviews The cabins are super cozy. The fireplace was a nice touch, and even though the studio cabins are small, they are still comfortable. Everything was clean and looked very well-kept! The whole area is beautiful! Plus there is a brewery and a pizza food truck close by (you can walk there from the cabins, and their patio is pet friendly!) Juliana Canada Forest Park Hotel Jasper From CAD 136.53 per night 7.6 Good · 1,843 reviews The facility really caters more to bus tours. I would not recommend this location. Poor view, average breakfast, not very helpful staff. It was a place to stay only. I had a terrible room overlooking a hotel work truck and a non-responsive front desk so I can't recommend this as a good choice in Jasper. Amy United States Pine Bungalows Jasper 8.6 Fabulous · 699 reviews We absolutely loved everything about Pine Bungalows. the cabins are so cosy and lovely. The location is great, we had wildlife on the property daily. The main lodge is great to have on-site and Jasper is close by for any other needs. The perfect spot for exploring the National park Julia United Kingdom The White Brick Inn Jasper 9.5 Exceptional · 134 reviews All around amazing! If I'm staying in Jasper, it will be at White Brick. It's cheaper than all the surrounding hotels, super cute and comfortable, great location, easy check in and check out and the owners are extremely nice and accommodating! Stay here, not one single issue! Michaela Johnston Canada Jasper Gates Resort Jasper 8.5 Very good · 1,223 reviews Good location to explore Banff and Jasper National Park Brewer nearby Cabins are large and comfy, well equipped, parking is available at front of the cabin Staff was friendly Pretty quiet Stefan Germany Jasper House Bungalows Jasper 8.6 Fabulous · 604 reviews You get the mountain and the river view . Few rooms facing the river and it was amazing. There are many lakes closer to this hotel and jasper city is 4 minutes away. Isura Sri Lanka Tonquin Inn Jasper From CAD 129.08 per night 7.0 Good · 2,002 reviews The room is nice and clean but the hotel is more of a motel. Definitely not worth the money for any other reason but the location (10 min from downtown jasper) Raluca Romania Athabasca Hotel Jasper From CAD 98.96 per night 7.5 Good · 1,199 reviews Loved the history and the visual history of this hotel. Staff were so nice and accommodating. This is the only hotel I will ever stay in when visiting Jasper Sonja Canada Jasper Downtown Hostel Jasper From CAD 103.56 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,754 reviews We had a good stay at Jasper Downtown Hostel. It is well located to go onto several hikes. In comparison to other accommodations it was way cheaper. Henrik Germany Caruso's Accommodation Jasper 8.1 Very good · 230 reviews The room was basic but had the essentials. Good central location to downtown. It was a cheap place to stay considering the costs of rooms in Jasper. Brittany Canada Forest Park Hotel Jasper From CAD 136.53 per night 7.6 Good · 1,843 reviews It is a pretty nice location in Jasper town, at the first entrance in town. All it looks ordinary, as in a hotel . Vlad Har Canada Marmot Lodge Jasper Jasper From CAD 117.63 per night 7.9 Good · 766 reviews Convenient location for our Jasper 2-day itinerary. Easy walk to downtown restaurants & market. John United States Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge Jasper From CAD 475.57 per night 7.6 Good · 766 reviews We loved Jasper and the hotel was lovely. Inez United States Patricia Lake Bungalows Jasper 9.0 Superb · 142 reviews modern clean cabins just outside Jasper N Carter United States HI Jasper - Hostel Jasper From CAD 128.41 per night 8.2 Very good · 1,500 reviews Clean hostel, close to downtown Jasper Anna Helena Germany Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hostels in Jasper Explore more great accommodation options in Jasper, starting with hostels. B&Bs in Jasper More great accommodation options for your trip. Pet-Friendly Hotels in Jasper More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Banff Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Canmore Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Alberta Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Jasper National Park Look beyond Jasper and set off to discover more of Jasper National Park . Hotels in Canada Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels near Marmot Basin Ski Area Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Jasper Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1866460,1870380|5,1870380,1847760|3,1870380|3,1833870,1847760,1846890,1871440