The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Adelaide, Australia - Adelaide hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Adelaide Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Adelaide hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Australia South Australia Adelaide Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Adelaide – 457 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Grosvenor Hotel Adelaide 3 stars Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Located directly opposite Adelaide Convention Centre and The Parliament of South Australia, the historic 1918 Grosvenor Hotel Adelaide offers air-conditioned rooms with satellite TV. stephen United States The location was perfect. Close to all that I wanted to see. I especially enjoyed being close to the parks and the river. Show more Show less 7.1 Good 5,291 reviews Price from CAD 116 per night Check availability The Chancellor on Currie 4 stars Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide The Chancellor on Currie offers an on-site swimming pool, European bistro, hot tub, fitness centre, laundry facilities and a 24-hour reception. Elsy Peru The location, the room, the staff and facilities. Show more Show less 7.7 Good 1,984 reviews Price from CAD 160 per night Check availability Oval Hotel at Adelaide Oval 5 stars Hotel in North Adelaide, Adelaide Wrapping around the eastern façade of the iconic Adelaide Oval, Oval Hotel at Adelaide Oval offers a unique accommodation experience. Amit Israel comfortable room with a great TV variety including a rich movies selection Show more Show less 9 Superb 2,462 reviews Price from CAD 170 per night Check availability The Soho Hotel, Ascend Hotel Collection 4 stars Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide The Soho Hotel, Ascend Hotel Collection boasts a rooftop deck where guests can relax with cocktails by the heated pool overlooking Adelaide's city skyline. Each guest room features original artworks. Kierran Australia was very nice, Was super impressed by the staff member who was super accommodating. the hotel wasn't staffed and I had arrived early wanting to leave my bags there until my room was ready. He must have noticed me on the cameras and assisted me which was amazing. I also left my laptop charger behind and he went out of his way to get it sent back to me, top class Show more Show less 6.9 Review score 1,213 reviews Price from CAD 161 per night Check availability Mantra Hindmarsh Square 4.5 stars Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Mantra Hindmarsh Square enjoys a prestigious location in Adelaide city centre. YAN China The facility was very good. very clean Show more Show less 7.9 Good 1,106 reviews Price from CAD 181 per night Check availability Comfort Inn & Suites Sombrero 4 stars Hotel in Prospect, Adelaide Offering a covered outdoor swimming pool and spacious accommodation with comp WiFi per day, the Comfort Inn and Suites Sombrero is located in Prospect, 6.5 km from the centre of Adelaide. Marie-Anne Canada The staff went above and beyond to make us feel comfortable and at home. A big shout out to Joanne for all of her hospitality! The rooms were nice and big, I would definitely stay here again. Show more Show less 7.6 Good 818 reviews Price from CAD 126 per night Check availability Comfort Hotel Adelaide Meridien 3 stars Hotel in North Adelaide, Adelaide Boasting an outdoor swimming pool and a hot tub, Comfort Hotel Adelaide Meridien is located in North Adelaide. A guest laundry and free WiFi in public areas are also available. Graeme New Zealand Excellent room with a balcony,excellent location Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 919 reviews Price from CAD 143 per night Check availability Nightcap at Watermark Glenelg 3 stars Hotel in Glenelg, Adelaide Located next to Holdfast Shores Marina, Nightcap at Watermark Glenelg is a 7-minute walk from Jetty Road Shopping Precinct. It offers a beer garden and a buffet restaurant. Rachael Australia Great location for our needs New Years Eve. Had a great time on our little balcony. Room was very spacious and modern. Bed was comfy. Didn't eat in so can't comment on food services. Great to have a free park. Very quiet location. Show more Show less 7.8 Good 590 reviews Price from CAD 136 per night Check availability Highlander Hotel Bar Kitchen Rooftop 3 stars Hotel in Adelaide Highlander Hotel Bar Kitchen Rooftop is located close to the Valley View Golf Course and the Tea Tree Plaza shopping center. Bryan Australia Very comfy room, good facilities, quiet. Show more Show less 7.2 Good 377 reviews Price from CAD 108 per night Check availability Parador Inn 4 stars Hotel in West Beach, Adelaide Set in Adelaide, 2 km from West Beach, Parador Inn offers accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. Tracie United States Great location. friendly owner and staff Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 855 reviews Price from CAD 170 per night Check availability See all 186 hotels in Adelaide Most booked hotels in Adelaide in the past month See all Stamford Plaza Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 7.0 Good · 4,697 reviews Hotel Grand Chancellor Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 8.2 Very good · 3,949 reviews Stamford Grand Adelaide Hotel in Glenelg, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 7.9 Good · 6,040 reviews Toms Court Hotel Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 8.1 Very good · 1,482 reviews Adelaide Riviera Hotel Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 8.0 Very good · 6,059 reviews Grosvenor Hotel Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 7.1 Good · 5,292 reviews ibis Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 8.4 Very good · 4,242 reviews Vibe Hotel Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 9.0 Superb · 1,006 reviews TRYP by Wyndham Pulteney Street Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 9.0 Superb · 824 reviews Adelaide Paringa Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Popular with guests booking hotels in Adelaide 7.1 Good · 692 reviews Adelaide's best hotels with breakfast See all Holiday Inn Express Adelaide City Centre, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Breakfast options Holiday Inn Express Adelaide City Centre is situated in the vibrant north-west quarter of Adelaide's CBD. not very much to choose but enough for your needing Avg. price/night: CAD 152.49 8.3 Very good · 2,954 reviews Mayfair Hotel Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Breakfast options Located in the heart of Adelaide and overlooking Rundle Mall, the luxurious Mayfair Hotel offers free WiFi, a restaurant and lounge bar. All rooms offer stylish décor and a 55-inch flat-screen TV. Great location! Wonderful staff, fine accommodation! Avg. price/night: CAD 213.12 8.8 Fabulous · 2,156 reviews Lakes Hotel Hotel in West Lakes, Adelaide Breakfast options Located on the peaceful waters of West Lakes, this hotel features an award-winning restaurant, a bar and an indoor fitness centre with a heated pool. All suites feature a balcony offering lake views. Spa. Food was amazing Drinks and service was great Avg. price/night: CAD 206.31 8.6 Fabulous · 2,839 reviews Adabco Boutique Hotel Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Breakfast options Built in 1897, Adabco Boutique Hotel offers guests free WiFi and a 55-inch flat-screen TV with cable channels. A communal kitchen and outdoor terrace is located on each floor. Beautiful boutique hotel. Quiet, clean, comfortable. Avg. price/night: CAD 169.53 8.4 Very good · 1,801 reviews Pullman Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Breakfast options Located on Hindmarsh Square in the heart of Adelaide's city centre, Pullman Adelaide is only a 15-minute walk from local attractions such as Rundle Street's fashion boutiques and lively cafe culture. Amazing breakfast, very friendly staff and great service. Avg. price/night: CAD 178.50 8.5 Very good · 1,628 reviews Hotel Grand Chancellor Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Breakfast options This 4.5-star hotel offers spacious modern rooms in the heart of Adelaide city centre. Guests have access to a fitness centre, sauna, hot tub and outdoor swimming pool, plus a restaurant. The location was why we booked the Grand Chancellor. Avg. price/night: CAD 168.63 8.2 Very good · 3,949 reviews The Playford Adelaide - MGallery by Sofitel Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Breakfast options The award-winning 5-star hotel, The Playford Mgallery by Sofitel, is a boutique hotel in the heart of Adelaide on vibrant North Terrace. The room was beautifully presented, well laid out! Avg. price/night: CAD 240.39 8.8 Fabulous · 1,136 reviews Majestic Roof Garden Hotel Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Breakfast options The award-winning 4.5-star Majestic Roof Garden Hotel is located only 50 metres from the bars, restaurants and shopping of Rundle Street. Great location, very clean rooms and friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 209.90 8.5 Very good · 1,301 reviews Budget hotels in Adelaide See all ibis Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Budget Hotel ibis Adelaide offers a restaurant, a bar and a fitness centre. All rooms offer a Smart flat-screen TV and a refrigerator. My wife and i had a lovely stay, thoroughly enjoyed it. Avg. price/night: CAD 152.49 8.4 Very good · 4,242 reviews Mawson Lakes Hotel Hotel in Mawson Lakes, Adelaide Budget Hotel Just a 1-minute walk from the Mawson Lakes precinct, Mawson Lakes Hotel offers an onsite bar and restaurant. Nice location spacious apartment and nice and quiet Avg. price/night: CAD 139.03 8.0 Very good · 1,449 reviews Adelaide Riviera Hotel Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Budget Hotel Conveniently located on North Terrace opposite the New Royal Adelaide Hospital and South Australian Bio-Medical precinct, Adelaide Riviera Hotel is a 10-minute walk from central Adelaide. Excellent value, good location to access free tram Avg. price/night: CAD 121.09 8.0 Very good · 6,059 reviews Marion Hotel Hotel in Mitchell Park, Adelaide Budget Hotel Marion Hotel is 5 minutes' drive from Marion Shopping Centre and 20 minutes' drive from Adelaide’s city centre. It offers an on-site bistro, 3 bars and free parking. Guests enjoy free WiFi. It was quiet. Convenient. Great food. Comfortable bed. Avg. price/night: CAD 133.65 8.8 Fabulous · 2,900 reviews Arkaba Hotel Hotel in Fullarton, Adelaide Budget Hotel Offering 2 bars, a gaming room and free parking, 4-star Arkaba Hotel is 3 km from central Adelaide. Guests enjoy regular live music and free WiFi. Amazing as always! Great staff and fantastic food! Avg. price/night: CAD 109.43 8.5 Very good · 2,761 reviews Econo Lodge North Adelaide Hotel in North Adelaide, Adelaide Budget Hotel Located in Adelaide, 1.8 km from Adelaide Oval, Econo Lodge North Adelaide provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking and a fitness centre. The reception staff were very helpful and friendly! Avg. price/night: CAD 127.37 8.1 Very good · 247 reviews Walkers Arms Hotel Hotel in Walkerville, Adelaide Budget Hotel Offering free WiFi, a restaurant and a bar, Walkers Arms Hotel is located in Adelaide. All rooms offer a TV and a minibar. The property is 5 minutes' drive from Adelaide Zoo and Adelaide Oval. The location , staff and facilities were fantastic Avg. price/night: CAD 135.49 8.5 Very good · 583 reviews Nightcap at Hendon Hotel Hotel in Adelaide Budget Hotel Hendon Hotel is located in Adelaide.Offering free WiFi. Each room features a TV and a refrigerator. Guests enjoy free on-site parking. Hendon Hotel is 10 minutes' drive from Henley Beach. Spacious rooms, friendly staff, a good night sleep Avg. price/night: CAD 113.02 8.1 Very good · 322 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Adelaide See all The Franklin Boutique Hotel Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Central location Established in 1855 The Franklin Hotel is for the traveller who wants it all. A beautiful pub downstairs and small boutique hotel upstairs! Great location, clean, very modern, everything perfect!! Avg. price/night: CAD 216.17 8.8 Fabulous · 625 reviews Parador Inn Hotel in West Beach, Adelaide Central location Set in Adelaide, 2 km from West Beach, Parador Inn offers accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. Thank you John and Natasha for another wonderful stay! Avg. price/night: CAD 172.22 8.8 Fabulous · 855 reviews Hotel Alba Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Central location In a prime location in Adelaide, Hotel Alba Adelaide provides air-conditioned rooms, an outdoor swimming pool, free WiFi and a fitness centre. A well renovated building with a Palm Springs feel Avg. price/night: CAD 179.40 8.7 Fabulous · 479 reviews Grow at Goodwood Hotel in Adelaide Central location Situated in Adelaide, 1.6 km from Adelaide Parklands Terminal, Grow at Goodwood features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Excellent location, clean, and very easy to deal with. Avg. price/night: CAD 280.76 8.7 Fabulous · 49 reviews Peppers Waymouth Hotel Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Central location Peppers Waymouth Hotel offers spacious modern accommodation with stunning views across the city. Facilities include an indoor swimming pool, fully equipped fitness centre, plus a bar and restaurant. Central, easy to check in, clean, exceptional rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 196.44 8.6 Fabulous · 912 reviews Sofitel Adelaide Hotel in Adelaide CBD, Adelaide Central location With a Modern French restaurant, Sofitel Adelaide is situated in Adelaide in the South Australian region, 400 metres from Adelaide Convention Centre and 400 metres from Adelaide Oval. The accommodation was spectacular! Great value for money Avg. price/night: CAD 252.05 8.6 Fabulous · 959 reviews Largs Pier Hotel Hotel in Adelaide Central location Guests at Largs Pier Hotel can enjoy stylish accommodation in a heritage-listed building. This waterfront property is 15 minutes’ walk from Semaphore Beach and features an on-site restaurant. The view and the size of the room Food was amazing Avg. price/night: CAD 182.99 8.6 Fabulous · 1,311 reviews Tonsley Hotel Hotel in Clovelly Park, Adelaide Central location Featuring a bistro, 2 bars and gaming facilities, Tonsley Hotel is 9 km from Adelaide and 12 km from Adelaide Airport. A 42-inch flat-screen TV is standard in all rooms. Great location, Helpful staff and best value for money 8.6 Fabulous · 697 reviews FAQs about hotels in Adelaide How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Adelaide? On average, 3-star hotels in Adelaide cost CAD 128 per night, and 4-star hotels in Adelaide are CAD 212 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Adelaide can on average be found for CAD 280 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Adelaide for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Adelaide this weekend is CAD 139 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 215. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Adelaide for this weekend cost on average around CAD 395 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Adelaide for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 126 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Adelaide for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 208 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Adelaide will cost around CAD 278 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Adelaide are good for families? Many families visiting Adelaide loved staying at Mount Lofty House & Estate Adelaide Hills, Eos by SkyCity and Peninsula Hotel Motel. What are the best hotels in Adelaide near Adelaide Oval? Some of the best hotels in Adelaide near Adelaide Oval include Eos by SkyCity, Oval Hotel at Adelaide Oval and Suite 11 Victoria Square. What are the best hotels in Adelaide near Adelaide Airport? Travellers who stayed in Adelaide near Adelaide Airport (ADL) have said good things about Atura Adelaide Airport, Parador Inn and Nightcap at Rex Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Adelaide? Eos by SkyCity, Vibe Hotel Adelaide and Oval Hotel at Adelaide Oval are some of the popular hotels in Adelaide. What hotels in Adelaide offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Adelaide that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Mount Lofty House & Estate Adelaide Hills, Vibe Hotel Adelaide and Eos by SkyCity. What hotels in Adelaide are good for couples? These hotels in Adelaide are highly rated by couples: Peninsula Hotel Motel, Mount Lofty House & Estate Adelaide Hills and Eos by SkyCity. What hotels in Adelaide have nice views? Lakes Hotel, Oval Hotel at Adelaide Oval and Eos by SkyCity have received great reviews from travellers in Adelaide regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Adelaide: Australia's Undiscovered Gem Scratch the surface of Australia’s undiscovered gem with its blend of wonderful beaches, wide boulevards and extensive parklands including the Adelaide Botanic Garden. The City of Churches chimes to the beat during festival season with the Adelaide Festival of Arts, Adelaide Fringe and WOMADelaide. The River Torrens flows through the city from the surrounding Mount Lofty Ranges. The Adelaide Hills features The Cleland Conservation Park that includes a wildlife park where you can pat koalas and Mount Lofty Summit with its panoramic views of the city. Hahndorf, with its German history, is another highlight. The coast has some fantastic beaches. Historic Glenelg is Adelaide’s favourite local playground and further south are the wide open shores of Aldinga where you can drive your car on to the beach. There are few better multicultural markets than the Adelaide Central Market or choose from a host of marvellous museums and art galleries, some having free entry. The picturesque and historic Adelaide Oval is a favourite for sports lovers. Booking.com has accommodation in the city or visit surrounding areas like the Barossa Valley, Flinders Ranges and Kangaroo Island. Learn more about visiting Adelaide 92 attractions 30 points of interest 24 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Adelaide: 8.0 Adelaide is a great place to visit. Adelaide is a great place to visit. It’s not crowded like Sydney and other cities. We were surprised to meet a drunkard local on the public transport but the security was called and he left the bus. Other that, it is a nice place. Nonza Papua New Guinea 8.0 Visited the Botanic Gardens while the Photographic... Visited the Botanic Gardens while the Photographic Exhibition was on - loved it except for the noise from the Adelaide 500 but that was just timing Adelaide is green leafy - good walk areas - good places to choose to dine out of a night Dianne Australia 10 A wonderful city filled with heritage & historical buildings... A wonderful city filled with heritage & historical buildings. Very easy to walk around or get public transport around the city fringe. They have a free tram that run around the city so you can get on or off it any time. A good shopping precinct area in the centre of the city, which is pedestrian only so great for just walking about taking it all in. A fantastic fresh food & produce markets at the Adelaide Central Markets which was on Saturday. Australia 8.0 Great place to visit, easy to get around with various... Great place to visit, easy to get around with various transport options. Central Market is a must visit. Pick the weather so you dont get there in a peak or trough but it is a well laid out city. Loved the tree lined streets and the Jacaranda blooming. bwucee New Zealand 10 There is so much to visit in the city and also it’s a short... There is so much to visit in the city and also it’s a short trip out to the beach.Its easy to get around and it’s a clean spacious city with lots of greenery.Easy to plan seeing places of interest as tram takes you everywhere.I would recommend a tour as they are informative and enjoyable.Plenty of bars and restaurants and lots of shops.Botanic gardens was a highlight and good food in central markets. Gugsmarty Australia 10 I am biased about Adelaide. I am biased about Adelaide. I love Adelaide's not so busy environment. The beaches are beautiful even if you dont want to swim. Our jettys are great for fishing or for that lovely evening stroll. It does get very hot in Summer sometimes so Slip Slop Slap. The Adelaide hills have so much to offer in the way of small communities. Mount Lofty offers some beautiful views and short or long walks. There are many many walks available in and around Adelaide. You must visit the Botanical Gardens in the city. The Barossa Valley region is also available for wine lovers or just for a enjoyable ride/drive. Its not that far to travel by car. Ha Ha I would avoid the casino next time as I lost my money) My fault. Enjoy you will be glad you did. Linda Australia Explore guest reviews of hotels in Adelaide See all Adabco Boutique Hotel Adelaide Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 169.53 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,801 reviews This unique boutique hotel was lovely. We stayed in a premier twin room (which had plenty of space for 3 adults), clean facilities and very helpful staff from reception to housekeeping. Breakfast at Bocelli's is a short walk away and they have a great spread of food. It's also in a great location, being just down the road from Central market/Chinatown and 15-20min walk from Rundle Mall. We really enjoyed our time here and would stay here again when visiting Adelaide. Thanks! Roselie Australia Oval Hotel at Adelaide Oval North Adelaide, Adelaide From CAD 184.78 per night 9.0 Superb · 2,462 reviews Beautiful hotel with exceptional service! The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. This was also one of the only hotels that acknowledged our honeymoon with a sweet handwritten note and complimentary chilled bottle of sparkling wine waiting for us when we checked in. Such a lovely surprise and touch! The hotel is located just on the North side of the CBD, with easy walking distance to the city and various parks. Jessica Canada Sofitel Adelaide Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 252.05 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 959 reviews The hotel is located in Currie Street, in the Adelaide CBD, a great location, convenient to all shops and restaurants. it’s a brand new hotel and we stayed at level 19, which has a great view towards to Adelaide airport. the decor and furniture are high quality and the room is very clean. the staff are very friendly. I did a vlog which you can check it out in my YouTube channel - Alan Law Sydney. Alan Australia Crowne Plaza Adelaide, an IHG Hotel Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 205.41 per night 8.4 Very good · 2,900 reviews Very new hotel in a great location in the east end of the CBD near many restaurants/venues. The service from the staff, particularly reception, was exceptional. The rooms were very comfortable and had a fantastic view. We particularly liked the bathroom and the very comfy bed. We have stayed in over 20 different hotels in Adelaide and this rates up there with the very best of them. Family-D Australia HotelMOTEL Adelaide Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 152.49 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 1,597 reviews This hotel is a renovated "motel" in a fantastic spot in Adelaide CBD. It is easy to access anything in the city from this spot. The free car parking is great and it is right outside your room. The rooms have been renovated tastefully and the beds are very comfortable. If you are self sufficient and don't need to be part of a hotel complex this is a great choice. andgoandy Australia Hilton Adelaide Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 182.22 per night 7.6 Good · 2,200 reviews The hotels location is close to the Adelaide central market. Many restuarants are within 5 -10 minutes walk from the hotel. A tram stop is basically a few meters away, opposite the entrance to the hotel. A lesurely stroll will take you into the CBD mall within 15-20 minutes. I have used this hotel twice and on both occasions I was never disappointed. M Julius Australia TRYP by Wyndham Pulteney Street Adelaide Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 157.08 per night 9.0 Superb · 824 reviews Beautiful hotel located in the CBD, just walking distance from all Adelaide’s main attractions. The rooms are new, quiet and spotless clean. The bed was really comfortable. The staff was very welcoming and went above and beyond to accommodate my requests. I can only recommend staying at TRYP. Silvia Germany Taft Apartments Glenelg, Adelaide 7.5 Good · 700 reviews Location - 5 min walk to Glenelg beach and shops, about half an hour drive to CBD Relatively quiet - not on the main street Smart TV with Netflix👍 Quite many dishes and cutlery Self check-in Password on the room door instead of keys or plastic cards - very convenient Kristina Russia North Adelaide Boutique Stays Accommodation North Adelaide, Adelaide From CAD 161.46 per night 9.0 Superb · 799 reviews Very helpful ,friendly reception staff. Quiet location in a pretty area of North Adelaide, close access to restaurants & cafes, adequate street parking. Easy driving to other areas of the city that we needed to visit. Only a few minutes from the CBD Anthony Australia TRYP by Wyndham Pulteney Street Adelaide Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 157.08 per night 9.0 Superb · 824 reviews the Hotel is brand new which is very exciting in the perfect location for the Adelaide Fringe Festival which is why were in town visiting from country SA The room was very well appointed and very quiet with a lovely view. Fiona Australia Adelaide Riviera Hotel Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 121.09 per night 8.0 Very good · 6,059 reviews Selling point for this hotel is the location in the CBD - in walking distance of lots of local amenities and attractions. Staff were helpful. 24 hour reception is appreciated. Quite nice views from the fourth floor. Alex Australia Franklin Apartments Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 171.32 per night 7.7 Good · 1,416 reviews Location was the main reason for staying at this location. Close to everthing, shopping, local tram through the CBD. Apartment was clean & comfortable. Good facilities. Helpful staff. Adelaide is a great city. Darryl Richard Australia Adabco Boutique Hotel Adelaide Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 169.53 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,801 reviews A small, simple hotel but has everything you need. The location is far enough out of the CBD to be quiet but close enough to walk everywhere. We were able to walk to all the venues for te Adelaide Festival. Mary Australia ibis Adelaide Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 152.49 per night 8.4 Very good · 4,242 reviews Beautiful Room, very helpful, friendly staff. Excellent location in CBD of Adelaide. Very clean, bright room with beautiful views of the City and Hills. Outstanding facilities. Sharon Australia YHA Adelaide Central Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 85.21 per night 8.2 Very good · 1,649 reviews Location was really great. In the heart of CBD. My room was really spacious, and has a good view of the city in the balcony. In general, the place was really clean too. Ofaleine Australia Hume Serviced Apartments Adelaide CBD, Adelaide 8.1 Very good · 1,356 reviews Over a period of a month for work I stayed in 4 x different serviced apartments in adelaide CBD .Hume Serviced apartments was the most cost effective ,quiet + spacious paul Australia Stamford Grand Adelaide Glenelg, Adelaide From CAD 184.87 per night 7.9 Good · 6,040 reviews location is perfect, not far from the city of Adelaide and right in the beach of glenelg. walking distance to everything in glenelg Stuart Canada RNR on Franklin Adelaide CBD, Adelaide From CAD 335.47 per night 7.5 Good · 170 reviews Location okay. Not great but the Adelaide CBD is fairly compact so any location would be okay. Kirpal Paul Canada Morphett Arms Hotel Adelaide From CAD 107.64 per night 7.3 Good · 677 reviews nice place to stay within easy distance of Glenelg and Adelaide CBD. lovely beer garden Maurice Australia Art Series - The Watson Walkerville, Adelaide From CAD 160.56 per night 8.2 Very good · 323 reviews One of the more cheaper apartments to stay at in Adelaide/Walkerville. Rebecca Australia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels with Parking in Adelaide Explore more great accommodation options in Adelaide, starting with hotels with parking. Accessible Hotels in Adelaide More great accommodation options for your trip. Four-Star Hotels in Adelaide More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Adelaide CBD Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in North Adelaide Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Things to do in Adelaide How will you spend your time in the city? Flights from London to Adelaide Find and compare the best flights for your trip to Adelaide right here on Booking.com. Hotels in Adelaide Region Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in South Australia Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Adelaide Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1866460,1833870,1870380|7,1846890,1847760|3,1870380,1870380|3,1847760