The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Winnipeg, Canada - Winnipeg hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Winnipeg Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Winnipeg hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Canada Manitoba Winnipeg Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Winnipeg – 76 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Sandman Hotel & Suites Winnipeg Airport Hotel in Winnipeg This hotel is 6.2 km from downtown Winnipeg and 2.1 km from Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport. It features a complimentary airport shuttle and 4 on-site restaurants. Show more 7.7 Good 518 reviews Price fromCAD 181per night Check availability Comfort Inn Winnipeg South Hotel in Fort Gary, Winnipeg Conveniently located close to Winnipeg city centre attractions, including the University of Manitoba, and offering easy access to area motorways, this hotel features comfortable accommodation,... Show more 7.7 Good 515 reviews Price fromCAD 109.65per night Check availability Best Western Plus Winnipeg West Hotel in Winnipeg Within 1 km from various restaurants, Best Western Plus Winnipeg West features an indoor saltwater pool, fitness centre and hot tub. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 531 reviews Price fromCAD 161.09per night Check availability Delta Hotels by Marriott Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg City Centre, Winnipeg This Winnipeg hotel is connected to the Winnipeg Convention Center by Skywalk and features indoor and outdoor pools and 2 on-site restaurants. Show more 8.2 Very good 307 reviews Price fromCAD 218per night Check availability Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Winnipeg, MB Hotel in Winnipeg Free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen cable TV are offered in all rooms at this Winnipeg property. A daily hot breakfast is provided. Royal Winnipeg Ballet and The Forks are both within 8 km away. Show more 6.9 Pleasant 1,187 reviews Price fromCAD 159per night Check availability Park West Inn Hotel in Winnipeg Located just 15 minutes’ drive away from Winnipeg city centre, this hotel offers on-site dining and entertainment. A flat-screen TV is provided in rooms. Show more 7.8 Good 591 reviews Price fromCAD 109.99per night Check availability Mere Hotel Hotel in Winnipeg City Centre, Winnipeg Winnipeg Convention Centre is 2 km from this Winnipeg hotel. A fitness centre is provided for guest use. Free WiFi and a flat-screen cable TV are offered in all rooms. Show more 8.3 Very good 465 reviews Price fromCAD 181per night Check availability Holiday Inn Express Winnipeg Airport - Polo Park, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Winnipeg Holiday Inn Express Winnipeg Airport - Polo Park offers a microwave and refrigerator in each guest room. Free WiFi is provided. Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport is 3km away. Show more 8.0 Very good 644 reviews Price fromCAD 171per night Check availability The Fort Garry Hotel, Spa and Conference Centre, Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel in Winnipeg City Centre, Winnipeg Offering a full-service spa, gym and rooms with bathrobes, this historic hotel is located in Winnipeg city centre, 7 km from the Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport. Show more 8.3 Very good 449 reviews Price fromCAD 178.29per night Check availability Super 8 by Wyndham Winnipeg West Hotel in Winnipeg This Winnipeg property features a fitness centre and serves a daily continental breakfast. Located just 1 km from Assiniboia Downs, it offers rooms with free WiFi. Show more 8.5 Very good 284 reviews Price fromCAD 118.80per night Check availability See all 65 hotels in Winnipeg Cheapest time to stay in Winnipeg In January you can stay in Winnipeg for an average price of CA$142 per night CA$231CA$185CA$138CA$92CA$46CA$0 CA$142 Jan CA$151 Feb CA$161 Mar CA$161 Apr CA$162 May CA$170 Jun CA$178 Jul CA$165 Aug CA$159 Sep CA$162 Oct CA$159 Nov CA$144 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Winnipeg in the past month See all Radisson Hotel Winnipeg Downtown Hotel in Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg 7.2 Good · 870 reviews Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Winnipeg Airport Manitoba Hotel in Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg 7.8 Good · 689 reviews The Cavalier Inn Hotel in Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg Alt Hotel Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg 8.3 Very good · 498 reviews Sandman Hotel & Suites Winnipeg Airport Hotel in Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg 7.7 Good · 518 reviews Best Western Premier Winnipeg East Hotel in Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg 8.6 Fabulous · 889 reviews Canad Inns Destination Centre Fort Garry Hotel in Fort Gary, Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg 7.1 Good · 455 reviews Humphry Inn and Suites Hotel in Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg 7.7 Good · 734 reviews Lakeview Signature, Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg 8.2 Very good · 595 reviews Holiday Inn & Suites Winnipeg Downtown, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Winnipeg Popular with guests booking hotels in Winnipeg 7.1 Good · 280 reviews Winnipeg's best hotels with breakfast See all Homewood Suites by Hilton Winnipeg Airport - Polo Park Hotel in Winnipeg Breakfast options Located just 3 km from Winnipeg Airport, this hotel offers an indoor saltwater swimming pool and a hot tub. Each guest suite comes fully equipped with a kitchen. Daily breakfast is provided. Easy breakfast to go - generous. Pool and nice outdoor courtyard Avg. price/night: CAD 168.72 8.3 Very good · 158 reviews Best Western Plus Winnipeg West Hotel in Winnipeg Breakfast options Within 1 km from various restaurants, Best Western Plus Winnipeg West features an indoor saltwater pool, fitness centre and hot tub. Very nice pool breakfast and rooms also very nice staff Avg. price/night: CAD 180.42 8.6 Fabulous · 531 reviews Hampton Inn by Hilton Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg Breakfast options Just a 2-minute drive from the Winnipeg International Airport, Hampton Inn by Hilton Winnipeg boasts fitness centre. didnt have the opportunity to come in day when I have booking Avg. price/night: CAD 187.85 8.0 Very good · 280 reviews Holiday Inn Express Winnipeg Airport - Polo Park, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Winnipeg Breakfast options Holiday Inn Express Winnipeg Airport - Polo Park offers a microwave and refrigerator in each guest room. Free WiFi is provided. Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport is 3km away. Staff are very courteous and Good costumer service. Avg. price/night: CAD 202.21 8.0 Very good · 644 reviews Best Western Plus Pembina Inn & Suites Hotel in Fort Gary, Winnipeg Breakfast options Offering an indoor pool and a fitness centre, Best Western Plus Pembina Inn & Suites is located in Winnipeg. Free Wi-Fi access is available. The Manitoba Museum is 10 minutes’ drive away. Good location, clean environment and delicious breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 180.05 8.6 Fabulous · 346 reviews Holiday Inn Winnipeg - Airport West, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Winnipeg Breakfast options Featuring an indoor saltwater pool, the Holiday Inn Winnipeg – Airport West is located 9 km from the Winnipeg Art Gallery. Daily breakfast and on-site restaurants are available. Our breakfast was good, and the location was good. Avg. price/night: CAD 188.89 8.2 Very good · 761 reviews Hilton Winnipeg Airport Suites Hotel in Winnipeg Breakfast options Seconds from Winnipeg International Airport, this hotel offers spacious accommodations, furnished with modern amenities and is close to area attractions. Everything but the kids running in the halls at night Avg. price/night: CAD 214.92 8.3 Very good · 197 reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg Breakfast options Residence Inn by Marriott Winnipeg is set in Winnipeg, 3.9 km from MTS Centre and 4.5 km from McPhillips Street Station Casino. The property was easy access to stores , and very clean . Avg. price/night: CAD 245.19 8.5 Very good · 56 reviews Budget hotels in Winnipeg See all Motel 6-Headingley, MB - Winnipeg West Hotel in Winnipeg Budget Hotel Located along Trans Canada Highway 1, this motel is 2 minutes’ drive from John Blumberg Golf Course and John Blumberg Softball Complex. Free coffee and muffins. Lots of vending machines. Avg. price/night: CAD 134.39 8.2 Very good · 333 reviews Super 8 by Wyndham Winnipeg West Hotel in Winnipeg Budget Hotel This Winnipeg property features a fitness centre and serves a daily continental breakfast. Located just 1 km from Assiniboia Downs, it offers rooms with free WiFi. The cleanliness of the entire hotel and the location Avg. price/night: CAD 139.29 8.5 Very good · 284 reviews Queen Bee Hotel Hotel in Fort Gary, Winnipeg Budget Hotel This hotel is 14 km from Winnipeg city centre and 5 minutes’ drive from the University of Manitoba. It features free in-room WiFi. Lovely staff, clean rooms, and very comfortable beds! Avg. price/night: CAD 116.08 8.6 Fabulous · 424 reviews Travelodge by Wyndham Winnipeg East Hotel in Winnipeg Budget Hotel This Winnipeg, Manitoba hotel features rooms with a microwave and refrigerator. Canwest Park baseball stadium is only a 10-minute drive away. Very accommodating including pets. Would go there again. Avg. price/night: CAD 140.41 7.7 Good · 1,483 reviews Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Winnipeg Airport Manitoba Hotel in Winnipeg Budget Hotel Boasting an indoor saltwater pool with a waterslide, Days Inn & Suites by Wyndham Winnipeg Airport is just a 3 minute drive from the Winnipeg International Airport. breakfast and the location of the hotel was awesome Avg. price/night: CAD 189.90 7.8 Good · 689 reviews Canad Inns Destination Centre Fort Garry Hotel in Fort Gary, Winnipeg Budget Hotel Located on Pembina Highway, Canad Inns Destination Centre Fort Garry offers an indoor pool with waterslide and free Wi-Fi throughout. there was a breakfast special, which is always good Avg. price/night: CAD 162.98 7.1 Good · 455 reviews The Cavalier Inn Hotel in Winnipeg Budget Hotel Boasting an on-site restaurant, gaming lounge, and bar, this non-smoking budget hotel is 6 km from Winnipeg city centre. All rooms include free Wi-Fi. I never stayed for breakfast. And the location was ideal. Avg. price/night: CAD 82.60 4.0 Disappointing · 355 reviews Travelodge by Wyndham Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg Budget Hotel An indoor water park is featured at Travelodge by Wyndham Winnipeg. A restaurant and bar featuring a DJ, karaoke, and billiards is on site. Rooms feature cable TV. Nice staff, Good service and good value for money. Avg. price/night: CAD 153.74 4.6 Disappointing · 155 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Winnipeg See all The Fort Garry Hotel, Spa and Conference Centre, Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel in Winnipeg Central location Offering a full-service spa, gym and rooms with bathrobes, this historic hotel is located in Winnipeg city centre, 7 km from the Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport. Location was great and the building was incredible. Avg. price/night: CAD 209.05 8.3 Very good · 449 reviews Delta Hotels by Marriott Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg Central location This Winnipeg hotel is connected to the Winnipeg Convention Center by Skywalk and features indoor and outdoor pools and 2 on-site restaurants. Location was great. The staff at check-in were helpful. Avg. price/night: CAD 255.61 8.2 Very good · 307 reviews Lakeview Signature, Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in Winnipeg Central location This hotel is adjacent to the James Armstrong Richardson Winnipeg International Airport and 7.4 km from McPhillips Station Casino. It features on-site dining and 24-hour room service. Breakfast great Good start to our holiday in Winnipeg Avg. price/night: CAD 221.60 8.2 Very good · 595 reviews Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg Central location Just 3 km from Winnipeg International Airport, this hotel features free airport transfer, a hot tub and an indoor pool with waterslide. Spacious rooms include a flat-screen TV and free Wi-Fi. The cleanliness, breakfast, pool, staff everything 7.9 Good · 109 reviews Victoria Inn Hotel and Convention Center Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg Central location Featuring a themed indoor pool with water slides, this Winnipeg hotel offers an on-site restaurant. Guests can enjoy the gym or the free 24-hour business center. Close to the airport. Room very clean and spacious. Avg. price/night: CAD 268.50 7.9 Good · 638 reviews St. Norbert Hotel Hotel in Fort Gary, Winnipeg Central location Boasting an on-site beer store and a restaurant, this hotel is located 18 km south of Winnipeg city centre. The Trapiste Museum and St. Norbert Arts Centre are 20 minutes’ walk away. Friendly staff Communications Access from the parking lot Avg. price/night: CAD 99.66 7.9 Good · 203 reviews Holiday Inn Winnipeg-South, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Fort Gary, Winnipeg Central location Located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, this hotel features an on-site restaurant and offers rooms with free WiFi and a cable TV. Everything was nice. Comfy beds. Clean. Nice decor. Avg. price/night: CAD 189.90 7.8 Good · 300 reviews Canad Inns Destination Centre Transcona Hotel in Winnipeg Central location Situated in Winnipeg, 8.9 km from Canadian Museum for Human Rights, Canad Inns Destination Centre Transcona features accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Friendly atmosphere. Staff willing to help..clean room.. Avg. price/night: CAD 186.43 7.8 Good · 290 reviews FAQs about hotels in Winnipeg Which hotels in Winnipeg are good for families? Many families visiting Winnipeg loved staying at Best Western Plus Winnipeg West, Canad Inns Destination Centre Club Regent Casino Hotel and Courtyard by Marriott Winnipeg Airport. What are the best hotels in Winnipeg near Shaw Park? Some of the best hotels in Winnipeg near Shaw Park include Luxury skyline condo in downtown FREE 24/7 parking, Mere Hotel and Cozy Skyline Condo in Downtown, across Canada Life Centre. What are the best hotels in Winnipeg near Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Winnipeg near Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport (YWG) have said good things about The Grand Winnipeg Airport Hotel by Lakeview, Lakeview Signature, Trademark Collection by Wyndham and Courtyard by Marriott Winnipeg Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Winnipeg? Best Western Premier Winnipeg East, Hyatt House Winnipeg South Outlet Collection and The Grand Winnipeg Airport Hotel by Lakeview are some of the popular hotels in Winnipeg. What hotels in Winnipeg offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Winnipeg that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Hilton Winnipeg Airport Suites, Holiday Inn Winnipeg - Airport West, an IHG Hotel and Best Western Premier Winnipeg East. What hotels in Winnipeg are good for couples? These hotels in Winnipeg are highly rated by couples: Queen Bee Hotel, The Grand Winnipeg Airport Hotel by Lakeview and Best Western Plus Pembina Inn & Suites. What hotels in Winnipeg have nice views? Delta Hotels by Marriott Winnipeg, Alt Hotel Winnipeg and Mere Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Winnipeg regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Winnipeg City trip 1,593 reviews Sightseeing 677 reviews Road trip 45 reviews Casinos 18 reviews Romantic 401 reviews Family-friendly 156 reviews What guests said about Winnipeg: 8.0 I enjoy visiting Winnipeg, lots to see and do. I enjoy visiting Winnipeg, lots to see and do. Most sightseeing requires a vehicle as you can spend 30 min driving from place to place. Downtown is a good museum and The Forks. Overall for shopping and food, there is many choices. Avoid the both end ?Empress Walmart, many sketchy people and is usually very busy. Brande Canada 8.0 The weather definitely determines what you can or cannot do. The weather definitely determines what you can or cannot do. We had a good time - short and sweet since it was just a stop over. Oh - uber eats was terrible. It was 30 mins longer than they said and it was cold when it arrived. I won't do that again. Dorothy Canada 10 I've only been to Winnipeg for work trips so far, but my... I've only been to Winnipeg for work trips so far, but my wife grew up going there for fun with her family and we both really like this city! There are good parts and bad parts of the city just like anywhere else, and if you don't like cold weather obviously don't go in the winter, but during the spring, summer and fall this city is packed with live music, local breweries, great restaurants, a thriving music and art scene, many world-class museums like the Human Rights Museum and the Aviation Museum, festivals and events, and tourist attractions/historical sites. St. Boniface in general, and The Forks right across the river on the downtown side, are packed full of things to do for the whole family. History buffs, outdoorsmen, lovers of good food and drink, etc. will all love what this area has to offer. Winnipeg is also easy to get around in from my personal experience. Traffic can back up, for sure, but it's generally pretty smooth sailing while driving. And the airport is easy to navigate, not big enough to be a problem or for you to get lost in. Andrew 10 The Mint is a must for my family every time we visit. The Mint is a must for my family every time we visit. It isn't well advertised but you can take a self-guided tour, you need to ask at the tour desk (no fee but also no staff info) there are info cards at each window. The Forks is also a family favourite. Behind the Children's Museum at The Forks is a great playground and splash pool for the kids. At the Assiniboine Park Zoo you could spend the entire day. Pack a picnic or eat at the many options on site. Indoor and outdoor playgrounds if the kids need a break. So many animals to see and most are out playing allowing visitors to see them interacting in their habitat. Many beaches to drive to with beautiful sand Randel Canada 10 Dalnevart Museum on Carlton Street is definitely worth a... Dalnevart Museum on Carlton Street is definitely worth a tour. The museum of Human Rights should be on your list, too. If East Indian food is on your list, then East India Company is the place to eat. Excellent service and delicious food! We prefer to park our car and Uber around the city. Much less hassle and the parkade is a tight fit. LAWRENCE Canada 10 Lots to do and see although very widely spread out. Lots to do and see although very widely spread out. The Forks in the city. Are not to be missed and the 30 mins boat trip is a must. The zoo was disappointing as few of he animals were out due to the heat. The hour Bison Safari at Fort Whyte was 45 mins and an enclosed bus with no AC or PA system was not very satisfactory. We were attending and participating in a major sporting event and he local volunteers were excellent and very welcoming. European .visitors may find the local licencins laws difficult. Don't expect to pick up a bottle g wine a spirits in your local supermarket. John T United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Winnipeg See all Howard Johnson by Wyndham Winnipeg West Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 105.30 per night 7.6 Good 997 reviews The complimentary breakfast was one of the best I have had in a hotel in a long time, fresh and the staff went above and beyond to ensure all our needs were met, I will definitely be staying here on my next visit to Winnipeg and will be recommending this establishment to anyone I know who is planning on staying in Winnipeg. The local and on site amenities are more than you could want and the location is perfect. Show more Show less julie Canada Humphry Inn and Suites Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 164.34 per night 7.7 Good 734 reviews Easy walk to VIA Winnipeg station and the downtown area. Nearby bus stops to get to and from the airport cheap and easily. Handy laundry facilities and secure bag storage area. Staff at front desk are friendly but seem a little unsure of themselves. Nice dove amenities provided in bathroom. Comfy bed. Lots of power plugs plus good coffee machine and fridge available in room. Show more Show less Geoffrey Australia New Lodge Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 99.99 per night 2.4 Review score 80 reviews this property is very very very very bad not clean at all ive never seen that before in Canada room smelled no nice at all bed was not clean the bed sheets had stains in other room has insect oh my god I passed my night there I think this property should be closed in bathroom wasn’t clean it’s crazy experience I’ll never go there of sure Show more Show less Nesrine Canada Sandman Hotel & Suites Winnipeg Airport Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 161 per night 7.7 Good 518 reviews Was clean’ close to airport and shopping. Very friendly staff, especially one of the shuttle bus drivers who also worked for west jet. Went out of her way to be helpful. This was very much appreciated. The staff seemed to be a mix of foreign workers which was very representive of Canada as a whole. I liked this. Show more Show less Ann United Kingdom Holiday Inn Winnipeg-South, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Fort Gary, Winnipeg From CAD 152.96 per night 7.8 Good 300 reviews Clean, good size room. Actual housekeeping that we did not have to request. Unlike some more expensive hotels we had stayed at before that you have to beg for someone to pick up trash. Never mind anything else. Also breakfast was very good. We will stay there next time we go to Winnipeg. Show more Show less Anonymous United States Holiday Inn Winnipeg - Airport West, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 161.10 per night 8.2 Very good 761 reviews Disappointed breakfast not complimentary. This hotel is mid-named!!! It is NOT that near airport at all!! Thx God they had complimentary Unicity cab vouchers!! No phone book to look up addresses. No Gideon Bibles—I really needed 1 for my conference! Show more Show less thomas Canada Luxury skyline condo in downtown FREE 24/7 parking Winnipeg From CAD 128.25 per night 9.4 Superb 77 reviews The property rental is spacious and well-equipped. It has a reasonanle view overlooking Winnipeg downtown. The property innerspring are excellent to deal with and very pleasant. Free parking is available in the parkade next door and is fully gated. Show more Show less KenHJA Canada Mere Hotel Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 159 per night 8.3 Very good 464 reviews We like the location on the river and walking distance to downtown restaurants. Room was quiet, clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Visiting Winnipeg in September the weather was comfortable and less crowded. Show more Show less James United States Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Winnipeg, MB Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 149 per night 6.9 Review score 1,187 reviews The hotel is ideal for a stopover in Winnipeg. The staff at the front desk was smily, nice and helpful. The room was spacious and had everything you need. The Wifi was a bit slow but enough for one night. Great value for money. Show more Show less Lewuillon France The Marlborough Hotel Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 120 per night 3.6 Review score 584 reviews there is the big issue of parking because in the morning we stayed in hotel Marlborough Winnipeg and someone was brokered car window glass and steel all personnel belonging and credit card also Show more Show less Sarvarinder Canada Queen Bee Hotel Hotel in Fort Gary, Winnipeg From CAD 99 per night 8.6 Fabulous 424 reviews clean, friendly, family hotel. good for female travellers. good parking. good access. love the wood floors, so much cleaner then carpet. it’s right across from the University of Manitoba Show more Show less Hanna Canada Super 8 by Wyndham Winnipeg East MB Winnipeg From CAD 118.15 per night 8.6 Fabulous 431 reviews The cleanliness of hotel. The friendly staff. And the size of the room. Will differently stay at this hotel the next time i visit Canada Show more Show less YVETTE United States Alt Hotel Winnipeg Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 179 per night 8.3 Very good 498 reviews Comfortable beds and soft pillows and the fact it’s across the street from the Canada Life Centre for NHL games Show more Show less Norm Canada Lakeview Signature, Trademark Collection by Wyndham Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 169 per night 8.2 Very good 595 reviews Proximity to the Winnipeg airport is excellent . Can walk there from arrivals through the Grand Hotel. Show more Show less David Canada The Fort Garry Hotel, Spa and Conference Centre, Ascend Hotel Collection Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 173.83 per night 8.3 Very good 450 reviews Good location near The Forks, nice entrance area.Probably one of the nicer hotels in Winnipeg. Show more Show less Martha Canada Holiday Inn & Suites Winnipeg Downtown, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 143.09 per night 7.1 Good 280 reviews The hotel was nice and close to Canada Life Center. Show more Show less Damon Canada Travelodge by Wyndham Winnipeg East Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 118.99 per night 7.7 Good 1,483 reviews Easy access to trans Canada Show more Show less Lois Canada Radisson Hotel Winnipeg Downtown Hotel in Winnipeg From CAD 169.15 per night 7.2 Good 871 reviews Close to Canada life centre Show more Show less Jacquelyn Canada Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Winnipeg Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Hotels in Toronto Discover another destination in Canada. Hotels in Niagara Falls Discover another destination in Canada. Hotels near Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Portage La Prairie Find more hotels in a city close to Portage La Prairie. Hotels in Steinbach Find more hotels in a city close to Steinbach. Hotels in Winnipeg City Centre Explore Winnipeg while getting to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Flights from London to Winnipeg Find and compare the best flights. Car hire in Winnipeg Hire a car and hit the road. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Winnipeg Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760|3,1870380,1871440,1833870,1847760,1846890,1870380|6,1866460,1870380|3