The 10 best hotels close to Wembley Stadium in London, United Kingdom Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Hotels near Wembley Stadium, London Enter your dates and choose from 390 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home United Kingdom London Wembley Stadium Featured hotels near Wembley Stadium Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Stylish Wembley Stadium and SSE Arena Apartment, London Wembley, London (0.5 km from Wembley Stadium) In the Brent district of London, close to Wembley Arena, Stylish Wembley Stadium and SSE Arena Apartment, London features free WiFi and a washing machine. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 129 reviews Price from CAD 272 per night Check availability Hilton London Wembley Hotel in Wembley, London (0.3 km from Wembley Stadium) Set next to the iconic Wembley Stadium and set next to the historic Wembley Arena, the hotel is also located adjacent to the London Designer Outlet. Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 6,176 reviews Price from CAD 199 per night Check availability Botanical-inspired apartments at Repton Gardens right in the heart of Wembley Park Wembley, London (0.6 km from Wembley Stadium) Botanical-inspired apartments at Repton Gardens right in the heart of Wembley Park is set in the Brent district of London, 600 metres from Wembley Arena, 700 metres from London Designer Outlet and... Show more Show less 8.8 Fabulous 46 reviews Price from CAD 318 per night Check availability 1 Bedroom Arch-View Apartment 2 By Icon Living Properties Short Lets & Serviced Accommodation With Free Parking Wembley, London (0.3 km from Wembley Stadium) In the Brent district of London, close to London Designer Outlet, 1 Bedroom Arch-View Apartment 2 By Icon Living Properties Short Lets & Serviced Accommodation With Free Parking has a tennis court and... Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 18 reviews Price from CAD 303 per night Check availability Lovely 2 bed apartment 15mins from Bond St Wembley, London (1 km from Wembley Stadium) Lovely 2 bed apartment 15mins from Bond St features a terrace and is situated in London, within just 1.1 km of Wembley Arena and 1.4 km of Preston Road. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 54 reviews Price from CAD 301 per night Check availability Studio Apartments at Wembley Ark Located in London Wembley, London (0.4 km from Wembley Stadium) Set in London, 600 metres from Wembley Arena, Studio Apartments at Wembley Ark Located in London offers accommodation with a garden, free WiFi, a 24-hour front desk, and a lift. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 272 reviews Price from CAD 244 per night Check availability See more properties near Wembley Stadium Top 10 trending hotels near Wembley Stadium Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed ibis London Wembley 3 stars Hotel in Wembley, London #1 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 7.8 Good 6,782 reviews The Fox & Goose Hotel 3 stars Hotel in London #2 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 9.1 Superb 4,991 reviews London - Wembley International Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Wembley, London #3 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 6.7 Review score 5,063 reviews Holiday Inn Express Park Royal, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in London #4 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.0 Very good 3,345 reviews The Crown Hotel 4 stars Hotel in London #5 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 7.2 Good 3,134 reviews Charlotte Guest House Hotel in Camden, London #6 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.0 Very good 3,740 reviews Hilton London Wembley 4 stars Hotel in Wembley, London #7 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.5 Very good 6,176 reviews Novotel London Wembley 4 stars Hotel in Wembley, London #8 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.4 Very good 4,685 reviews Park Plaza London, Park Royal 4 stars Hotel in London #9 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.4 Very good 8,114 reviews Hampton by Hilton London Park Royal 4 stars Hotel in London #10 Booked hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.2 Very good 3,566 reviews See more hotels near Wembley Stadium Hotel 55 4 stars Hotel in Ealing, London #1 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.0 Very good 3,011 reviews ibis London Wembley 3 stars Hotel in Wembley, London #2 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 7.8 Good 6,782 reviews Anchor Guest House 3 stars Hotel in Golders Green, London #3 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 6.5 Review score 2,381 reviews Maitrise Hotel Maida Vale - London 3 stars Hotel in St Johns Wood, London #4 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 6.6 Review score 2,262 reviews Holiday Inn Express Park Royal, an IHG Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Acton, London #5 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.0 Very good 3,345 reviews The Crown Hotel 4 stars Hotel in London #6 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 7.2 Good 3,134 reviews Charlotte Guest House Hotel in Camden, London #7 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.0 Very good 3,740 reviews Hilton London Wembley 4 stars Hotel in Wembley, London #8 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.5 Very good 6,176 reviews Park Plaza London, Park Royal 4 stars Hotel in Ealing, London #9 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.4 Very good 8,114 reviews Hampton by Hilton London Park Royal 4 stars Hotel in Ealing, London #10 Wish-listed hotel near Wembley Stadium 8.2 Very good 3,566 reviews See more hotels near Wembley Stadium Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Wembley Stadium See all The Fox & Goose Hotel Hotel in Ealing, London Breakfast options The Fox And Goose Hotel is only 5 minutes' walk from Hanger Lane Underground Station (Central Line), a 15-minute drive from Wembley Stadium/Arena, and 30 minutes from Central London by public... Great breakfast, large rooms, very close to central line tube station and affordable. Show more Show less From CAD 175 per night 9.1 Superb 4,991 reviews Abbey Point Hotel Hotel in Brent, London Breakfast options Located in London, 1.6 km from Park Royal, Abbey Point Hotel provides accommodation with a garden, private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. The food and the staff, the rooms and the ambiance everything was great. Show more Show less From CAD 123 per night 8.5 Very good 1,415 reviews Hampton by Hilton London Park Royal Hotel in Ealing, London Breakfast options Hampton by Hilton London Park Royal is located in London, 3 miles from Wembley Stadium and Wembley Arena, and features a restaurant, a fitness centre and a bar. Loved how clean and modern the property is. Show more Show less From CAD 159 per night 8.2 Very good 3,566 reviews ibis Styles London Ealing Hotel in Ealing Breakfast options Featuring a restaurant, bar and views of city, ibis Styles London Ealing is set in Ealing, less than 1 km from Ealing Broadway. Clean, good amenities, comfortable Show more Show less From CAD 121 per night 8.3 Very good 2,138 reviews Park Plaza London, Park Royal Hotel in Ealing, London Breakfast options Situated 3.2 km from Wembley Stadium in London, Park Plaza London, Park Royal welcomes guests with a restaurant, bar and gym. Everything was as expected or better including cleanliness, room amenities and staff. Show more Show less From CAD 169 per night 8.4 Very good 8,114 reviews Novotel London Wembley Hotel in Wembley, London Breakfast options Novotel London Wembley is just a 5-minute walk from Wembley Stadium and Arena. It features a small but well-equipped gym and free WiFi. The whole hotel es marvelous. Really comfortable, clean and so rooms are really cozy. Show more Show less From CAD 183 per night 8.4 Very good 4,685 reviews The William IV Hotel in Brent, London Breakfast options A 5-minute walk from Kensal Green Underground Station and less than 30 minutes’ walk from Notting Hill, this hotel offers free WiFi. The city’s main attractions are within easy reach on the Tube. Staff was lovely, our room was quaint but adorable, comfortable, and clean!!! Show more Show less From CAD 251 per night 8.1 Very good 1,025 reviews Hotel Xanadu Hotel in Ealing, London Breakfast options Travelling for business? The coworking space on the Ground Floor of the hotel can provide you with everything you need to get to work such as WIFI, access to printers and the friendly Reception team... It was exceptional stay, thank you for all the staff! Show more Show less From CAD 192 per night 8.2 Very good 1,806 reviews Budget hotels near Wembley Stadium See all The Greenwood Hotel - Wetherspoon Hotel in Northolt Budget Hotel Situated in Northolt, The Greenwood Hotel - Wetherspoon features a garden and bar. The 3-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom and free WiFi. Lovely room! Very spacious walk in shower. A/C too, much needed in these hot temperatures. Show more Show less From CAD 116 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,367 reviews Eurotraveller Hotel - Premier - Harrow Hotel in Harrow Budget Hotel A 10-minute walk from leafy Harrow Park, Eurotraveller Hotel-Premier Harrow offers air-conditioned rooms. It is just 5 minutes’ walk from South Harrow Tube Station. Clean, comfortable, friendly staff, good transport connections. Show more Show less From CAD 115 per night 8.1 Very good 1,032 reviews Homefield Lodge Hotel in Brent, London Budget Hotel Situated in London, 1.9 km from Park Royal, Homefield Lodge features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. This 2-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk. Breakfast is not offered here. the rooms are clean, modern and well prepared. Show more Show less From CAD 123 per night 8.0 Very good 397 reviews Golders Park Hotel Hotel in Golders Green, London Budget Hotel Located in London, 6.9 km from Lord's Cricket Ground, Golders Park Hotel features views of the city. This 3-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, a concierge service and free WiFi. Staff went ubove kindness and helpfulness. Show more Show less From CAD 89 per night 5.7 Review score 1,196 reviews OYO Central Hotel Golders Green Hotel in Golders Green, London Budget Hotel Just a 5-minute walk from Golders Green Underground Station, this hotel offers free Wi-Fi. Alexandra Palace is a 15-minute drive away. The room was clean with everything needed. Show more Show less From CAD 103 per night 5.4 Review score 1,039 reviews King Solomon Hotel- Golders Green Hotel in Golders Green, London Budget Hotel Situated in the heart of Golders Green, the King Solomon Hotel- Golders Green offers accommodation, bar and free private parking. Family room, newly decorated, small ensuite, comfortable beds, hairdryer, fridge, tv.. Show more Show less From CAD 100 per night 6.0 Review score 2,087 reviews ST NICHOLAS HOTEL Hotel in Kenton Budget Hotel ST NICHOLAS HOTEL is set in Kenton, 4 km from South Harrow and 5 km from Wembley Arena. The property is situated 200 metres from Kenton, 1.7 km from Harrow-on-the-Hill and 2.5 km from Preston Road. Front desk was very helpful. Room was good bathrooms was good. Close to tube station. Show more Show less From CAD 77 per night 7.3 Good 178 reviews The Princess Victoria Hotel in Shepherds Bush, London Budget Hotel Set in London and with Eventim Apollo reachable within 2.9 km, The Princess Victoria offers a terrace, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Lovely traditional pub, great selection of alcohol, food tasted fresh, staff were very welcoming,... Show more Show less From CAD 186 per night 8.1 Very good 550 reviews Hotels with great access to Wembley Stadium! See all The Hide London Hotel in Hendon Great location Located just 2 minutes' walk from Hendon Central Tube Station, The Hide London offers free onsite parking and free WiFi. This boutique 4-star hotel is a 10-minute drive from the famous Wembley... Lovely hotel... Thanks for everything. I will be back... Show more Show less From CAD 201 per night 8.9 Fabulous 2,330 reviews The Drayton Court Hotel Hotel in Ealing, London Great location Situated in Ealing, a green, leafy part of London, this 4-star hotel is just a 2-minute walk from West Ealing Railway Station. This traditional Edwardian pub offers free parking. We liked the Kind staff, the variety of vegan breakfast options, the room was clean and they offered... Show more Show less From CAD 209 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,358 reviews Wembley Park Hotel Hotel in Wembley, London Great location Attractively set in the Brent district of London, Wembley Park Hotel is situated 800 metres from Wembley Arena, less than 1 km from London Designer Outlet and a 15-minute walk from Wembley Stadium. location and facilities were the best Show more Show less From CAD 129 per night 8.1 Very good 89 reviews The Melrose Hotel in Wealdstone Great location Set in Wealdstone and with Edgware reachable within 2.9 km, The Melrose offers a garden, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi and a terrace. This 5-star hotel offers a shared kitchen. Absolute amazing studio, great layout. Show more Show less From CAD 184 per night 8.1 Very good 14 reviews Holiday Inn Express Park Royal, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Acton, London Great location Featuring free WiFi and breakfast, Holiday Inn Express Park Royal is just a 2-minute walk from North Acton Tube Station. Central London is a 15-minute tube journey away. - The hotel was just outside the tube "North Acton", Zone 2/3 Central line, that takes... Show more Show less From CAD 158 per night 8.0 Very good 3,345 reviews Hotel 55 Hotel in Ealing, London Great location Refurbished in 2017, Hotel 55 is a boutique hotel just a 2-minute walk from North Ealing Tube Station. Stylish accommodation with free internet is 30 minutes from central London by underground. I admired everything about this hotel.. feels like home .. the location.. the privacy.. Show more Show less From CAD 188 per night 8.0 Very good 3,011 reviews Croft Court Hotel Hotel in Golders Green, London Great location Set in London, 640 metres from Golders Green station, Croft Court Hotel boasts views of the garden. Free private parking is available on site. The welcome, cleanliness, comfortable, comfortable bed good shower lovely frontage, lovely garden. Show more Show less From CAD 179 per night 8.0 Very good 849 reviews The Brent Hotel - London - Wembley Hotel in Wembley, London Great location The Brent Hotel - London - Wembley has 14 rooms and is set in a quiet location, a 45-minute tube ride from central London. It has free parking. The nearest Tube station is Preston Road. Booked as near to wembley very nice place room good nice touches tea and biscuits fridge people on... Show more Show less From CAD 173 per night 8.0 Very good 225 reviews Planning a trip to see the Wembley Stadium? Check out the latest reviews and scores 6.0 Queuing everywhere as expected but my god this is beyond a... Queuing everywhere as expected but my god this is beyond a joke. Entering into the venue at yellow zone then walking half the way round to get to your block? Didn't make sense, instead of entering closer to the relevant blocks. Show more Show less Karen United Kingdom 8.0 Fantastic tour for my son who is a football fan and me who... Fantastic tour for my son who is a football fan and me who isn’t .Just a fantastic experience to be there in the changing rooms etc and walking out onto the pitch .Highlight was holding the FA cup ,a moment to treasure .We all loved the experience . Show more Show less Maria United Kingdom 4.0 Wembley is too built up with lots of buildings still being... Wembley is too built up with lots of buildings still being constructed so it will soon be very difficult to get a decent photo of the Wembley Arch. maybe its just me but everyone down there seems to be on the cadge!! Prices inside ridiculous and must cost families a fortune. Show more Show less Richard United Kingdom 10 Saw this for the 1st time on my last visit the steps from... Saw this for the 1st time on my last visit the steps from the tube station made me want to cry with joy.....I have from a small child to adulthood seen it on TV and always wanted to see it first hand which of course I have now...just want to come back when England lift the World Cup next time on home soil!! Show more Show less Elizabeth United Kingdom 8.0 If there is no games ( events) @ Wembley Stadium, the area... If there is no games ( events) @ Wembley Stadium, the area is very good place to stay. Has very good Hotels and coffees. If there is event @ Wembley during your visit in London DO NOT STAY THAT AREA. Avoid it Show more Show less Abdulkadir Kenya 2.0 Don’t go! Don’t go!!!!! Took 2 hours just to get out of the doors and down to the train station... which only takes around 10 minutes.. poor organisation all round.. people start fighting and going mad because of the lengthy time it was taking... Show more Show less lee United Kingdom People are talking about Wembley Stadium! Explore guest hotel reviews featuring "Wembley Stadium" See all Wembley Park Hotel Hotel in Wembley, London From CAD 129 per night 8.1 Very good 89 reviews A very convenient place to stay for any events at Wembley. We liked that we could park the car and that shops & pubs were nearby. Easy walking distance to Wembley Stadium. The room was light and airy and we had a fridge, microwave and sink. Show more Show less Michela United Kingdom Home from Home Wembley, London From CAD 169 per night 8.3 Very good 10 reviews The owners were very nice and friendly and the accommodation was clean and equipped with all the necessary amenities. The location was excellent - very close to Wembley stadium. The environment around the accommodation was very peaceful. Show more Show less Colin Malta Stunning Wembley Stadium Flat Wembley, London From CAD 137 per night 6.7 Review score 26 reviews Pretty nice flat close to Wembley Stadium. We were lucky to be alone so we had bathroom for ourselves. The rooms were clean, beds were comfortable. Show more Show less Matej Slovakia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Paddington Station For easy access to local transport, stay near Paddington Station, not too far from Wembley Stadium. Hotels near Ealing Broadway For easy access to local transport options. Hotels near Royal Albert Hall Places to stay near another famous landmark. Hotels near Eventim Apollo Places to stay near another famous landmark. Things to do in London How will you spend your time in the city? Visit London Visitor info for a popular local city. Hotels in England Look beyond Wembley Stadium and discover the perfect place to stay in England. Flights from London to London Find and compare prices for popular flight routes. Hotels in Central London Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870070,1871440