The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Dublin, Ireland - Dublin hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Dublin Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Dublin hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Ireland Dublin County Dublin Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Dublin – 225 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Harcourt Hotel Hotel in Saint Stephen's Green, Dublin This central Dublin hotel is situated on Harcourt St. off the south west corner of St. Stephen’s Green in Dublin City Centre. All major attractions are within walking distance of the hotel. Show more 7.6 Good 6,044 reviews Price fromCAD 130.35per night Check availability Leonardo Hotel Dublin Christchurch - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Dublin City Centre, Dublin Leonardo Hotel Dublin Christchurch - formerly Jurys Inn, is opposite Christchurch Cathedral and less than 500 metres from Temple Bar and Dublin Castle. Show more 7.9 Good 5,396 reviews Price fromCAD 177.95per night Check availability Hilton Garden Inn Dublin City Centre Hotel in Dublin City Centre, Dublin With views over the River Liffey, Hilton Garden Inn Dublin City Centre sits next to Arena, EPIC Ireland museum and Bord Gais Theatre. Show more 8.3 Very good 4,332 reviews Price fromCAD 185.50per night Check availability Herbert Park Hotel and Park Residence Hotel in Ballsbridge, Dublin Overlooking the 48-acre Herbert Park in Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, this hotel is located 100 metres from the RDS and 5 minutes’ walk from the Aviva Stadium. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 4,321 reviews Price fromCAD 192.75per night Check availability Iveagh Garden Hotel Hotel in Saint Stephen's Green, Dublin Iveagh Garden Hotel is a 4-star sustainable eco-friendly hotel located in Dublin city centre. It is a 4-minute walk from St. Stephen's Green and Grafton street. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 3,468 reviews Price fromCAD 218.23per night Check availability Maldron Hotel Pearse Street Hotel in Dublin City Centre, Dublin Just 10-15 minutes’ walk from Trinity College, Maldron Hotel Pearse Street features bright rooms with en suite bathrooms. The Bord Gáis Energy Theatre is just a 5-minute walk away. Show more 8.0 Very good 4,110 reviews Price fromCAD 188.94per night Check availability Clontarf Castle Hotel Hotel in Clontarf, Dublin Set in an 11th-century castle the Clontarf Hotel combines ancient architecture with 21st-century facilities. Show more 8.9 Fabulous 2,785 reviews Price fromCAD 203.58per night Check availability Hotel 7 Hotel in Parnell Square, Dublin Featuring a restaurant and bar, Hotel 7 offers accommodation in Dublin, 700 metres from Croke Park Stadium and a 16-minute walk from Temple Bar. Free WiFi is available at the property. 8.9 Fabulous 3,909 reviews Price fromCAD 218.23per night Check availability Handel's Hotel Hotel in Temple Bar, Dublin Handel's Hotel is located in Dublin’s fashionable Temple Bar area, this hotel with free WiFi is set within a quiet location on the historic Fishamble Street. Show more 7.9 Good 1,986 reviews Price fromCAD 159.65per night Check availability Maples House Hotel Hotel in Dublin Situated in Glasnevin, minutes from Dublin’s city centre, the family-run Maples House Hotel boasts a bistro-style restaurant, Irish bar, and free WiFi. Show more 7.0 Good 1,593 reviews Price fromCAD 163.45per night Check availability See all 254 hotels in Dublin Cheapest time to stay in Dublin In January you can stay in Dublin for an average price of CA$182 per night CA$448CA$358CA$269CA$179CA$90CA$0 CA$182 Jan CA$221 Feb CA$280 Mar CA$292 Apr CA$348 May CA$348 Jun CA$294 Jul CA$313 Aug CA$330 Sep CA$283 Oct CA$238 Nov CA$240 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Dublin in the past month See all Marlin Hotel Stephens Green Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 8.1 Very good · 10,017 reviews Leonardo Hotel Dublin Parnell Street - Formerly Jurys Inn Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 7.6 Good · 13,297 reviews Travelodge PLUS Dublin City Centre Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 8.2 Very good · 3,216 reviews Beresford Hotel Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 7.4 Good · 8,873 reviews Riu Plaza The Gresham Dublin Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 8.3 Very good · 22,138 reviews Clayton Hotel Cardiff Lane Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 7.7 Good · 9,044 reviews Maldron Hotel Parnell Square Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 8.4 Very good · 8,231 reviews Clayton Hotel Burlington Road Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 8.3 Very good · 7,850 reviews The Gibson Hotel Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 8.2 Very good · 9,991 reviews Harcourt Hotel Hotel in Dublin Popular with guests booking hotels in Dublin 7.6 Good · 6,044 reviews Dublin's best hotels with breakfast See all The Samuel Hotel Hotel in Dublin Breakfast options Conveniently located in Dublin, The Samuel Hotel offers air-conditioned rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. The staff were really lovely and the room was great Avg. price/night: CAD 181.61 8.5 Very good · 7,954 reviews Point A Hotel Dublin Parnell Street Hotel in Dublin Breakfast options Attractively set in Dublin, Point A Hotel Dublin Parnell Street features air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a restaurant. This 3-star hotel offers a bar. Lovely and clean Location perfect Friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 175.76 8.5 Very good · 4,853 reviews Hard Rock Hotel Dublin Hotel in Dublin Breakfast options In a prime location in Dublin, Hard Rock Hotel Dublin provides air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant, free WiFi and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. Very impressed with rooms and breakfast, will return Avg. price/night: CAD 276.82 8.9 Fabulous · 2,766 reviews Wren Urban Nest Hotel in Dublin Breakfast options Conveniently located in the centre of Dublin, Wren Urban Nest offers air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a restaurant. Quiet - a haven of calm in a busy city centre location Avg. price/night: CAD 197.73 8.8 Fabulous · 6,482 reviews The Grafton Hotel Hotel in Dublin Breakfast options The Grafton Hotel features a bar and a terrace. Among the facilities of this property are a restaurant, a 24-hour front desk and room service, along with free WiFi throughout the property. Fabulous position, very friendly staff & lovely room Avg. price/night: CAD 276.82 8.6 Fabulous · 1,632 reviews Moxy Dublin City Hotel in Dublin Breakfast options Ideally set in the centre of Dublin, Moxy Dublin City features air-conditioned rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a business centre. modern, spacious, great service & friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 203.58 8.3 Very good · 2,471 reviews Hyatt Centric The Liberties Dublin Hotel in Dublin Breakfast options Set in Dublin, less than 1 km from The City Hall, Hyatt Centric The Liberties Dublin offers accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. Very clean and perfect location, near to the center Avg. price/night: CAD 249.13 8.9 Fabulous · 3,022 reviews Marlin Hotel Stephens Green Hotel in Dublin Breakfast options Marlin Hotel Dublin is in a prime location in the centre of Dublin, 400 metres from Dublin Castle. 600 metres from St. Stephen's Green, the hotel offers a fitness centre and a bar. The hotel was lovely & very modern & clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 183.23 8.1 Very good · 10,017 reviews Budget hotels in Dublin See all Academy Plaza Hotel Hotel in Dublin Budget Hotel Just off O'Connell Street, Academy Plaza Hotel is a 5-minute walk from Connolly Train Station. The hotel boasts stylish, air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, an on-site restaurant. Beautiful reception spacious rooms courteous staff Avg. price/night: CAD 123.25 8.0 Very good · 7,460 reviews Dublin Skylon Hotel Hotel in Dublin Budget Hotel Located in the heart of Drumcondra village, the Dublin Skylon Hotel is a family-run hotel situated next to many famous Dublin landmarks. Great hotel, clean, modern, handy location and staff are good Avg. price/night: CAD 134.45 8.3 Very good · 7,286 reviews REZz Dublin Hotel in Dublin Budget Hotel Well situated in the centre of Dublin, REZz Dublin offers free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. the location is perfect, it's close to everything. Avg. price/night: CAD 131.82 7.7 Good · 1,322 reviews easyHotel Dublin Hotel in Dublin Budget Hotel Located in the centre of Dublin, 300 metres from National Museum of Ireland - Decorative Arts & History, easyHotel Dublin provides air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. Breakfast n/a .... clean, convenient and comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 102.51 7.7 Good · 1,416 reviews Travelodge Dublin City Rathmines Hotel in Dublin Budget Hotel Situated just 15 minutes' walk from St Stephen’s Green, the Travelodge Dublin City Rathmines offers budget rooms with power showers. Staff are very nice and helpful. Location greatly Avg. price/night: CAD 122.62 7.4 Good · 1,706 reviews Bonnington Hotel & Leisure Centre Hotel in Dublin Budget Hotel With an indoor swimming pool and hot tub bath, Bonnington Dublin is less than 10 minutes’ drive from Dublin Airport. Its rooms include plasma-screen TVs. Free WiFi is available in all rooms. Great location, good food and very friendly staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 156.86 7.4 Good · 4,367 reviews Harcourt Hotel Hotel in Dublin Budget Hotel This central Dublin hotel is situated on Harcourt St. off the south west corner of St. Stephen’s Green in Dublin City Centre. All major attractions are within walking distance of the hotel. Really liked the room, location and value for money. Avg. price/night: CAD 130.35 7.6 Good · 6,044 reviews Hotel St George by Nina Hotel in Dublin Budget Hotel Located at the top of O’Connell Street, The Hotel St. George is in the heart of Dublin city centre, within 200 metres from the shopping district of Henry Street. Very friendly staff very clean good location for the city Avg. price/night: CAD 145 7.8 Good · 3,537 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Dublin See all Number 59 - Irish Stay Group Hotel in Dublin Central location Ideally located in the centre of Dublin, Number 59 - Irish Stay Group offers free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. Excellent service and comfortable rooms at the heart of Dublin. 9.3 Superb · 123 reviews Hotel 7 Hotel in Dublin Central location Featuring a restaurant and bar, Hotel 7 offers accommodation in Dublin, 700 metres from Croke Park Stadium and a 16-minute walk from Temple Bar. Free WiFi is available at the property. Beautiful decor/ clean/ super breakfast/ convenient Avg. price/night: CAD 218.23 8.9 Fabulous · 3,904 reviews Drury Court Hotel Hotel in Dublin Central location Located in the centre of Dublin’s cultural quarter, the award-winning Drury Court Hotel is ideally situated just 200 metres from Grafton Street and is surrounded by Dublin’s best eateries, theatres,... Excellent location, excellent service, clean and convenient. Avg. price/night: CAD 209.59 8.9 Fabulous · 3,043 reviews The Mont Hotel in Dublin Central location The Mont is a 4-star hotel located in Dublin city centre. The property is located less than 1 km from Grafton Street and 700 metres from Trinity College. Free high-speed WiFi is provided. beautifully decorated, super comfy, excellent staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 250.45 8.9 Fabulous · 1,258 reviews Anantara The Marker Dublin- A Leading Hotel of the World Hotel in Dublin Central location Situated on Grand Canal Square in the heart of Dublin’s business and cultural quarter, The Marker features a ground-floor cocktail bar & brasserie, free WiFi and a spa with 5 treatment rooms and a... Everything. It was a perfect for our night in Dublin. Avg. price/night: CAD 401.31 8.9 Fabulous · 2,801 reviews The Shelbourne, Autograph Collection Hotel in Dublin Central location The Shelbourne Hotel, Dublin is a historic, landmark hotel located in the heart of Dublin on St. Stephen's Green. everything was amazing can’t wait to visit again!! Avg. price/night: CAD 625.40 8.8 Fabulous · 645 reviews The Morrison Dublin, Curio Collection by Hilton Hotel in Dublin Central location The Morrison Dublin, Curio Collection by Hilton features a new bar restaurant and an easy access to Dublin city centre. The service, location and the breakfast was super. Avg. price/night: CAD 263.17 8.7 Fabulous · 1,460 reviews Buswells Hotel Hotel in Dublin Central location Just a minute’s walk from Trinity College and Grafton Street, this elegant boutique hotel boasts rooms with goose feather duvets and plasma-screen TVs. Great location, beautiful rooms, very friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 250.45 8.7 Fabulous · 379 reviews FAQs about hotels in Dublin How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Dublin? On average, 3-star hotels in Dublin cost CAD 269 per night, and 4-star hotels in Dublin are CAD 332 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Dublin can on average be found for CAD 631 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Dublin for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Dublin this weekend is CAD 409 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 415. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Dublin for this weekend cost on average around CAD 597 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Dublin for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 178 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Dublin for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 239 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Dublin will cost around CAD 553 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Dublin are good for families? Many families visiting Dublin loved staying at The Merrion Hotel, Stauntons on the Green Hotel and Gleesons Townhouse Booterstown. What are the best hotels in Dublin near 3Arena? Some of the best hotels in Dublin near 3Arena include 2 Mikes Homestay, Beckett Locke and The Samuel Hotel. What are the best hotels in Dublin near Dublin Airport? Travellers who stayed in Dublin near Dublin Airport (DUB) have said good things about Radisson BLU Hotel Dublin Airport, Carlton Hotel Dublin Airport and Clayton Hotel Dublin Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Dublin? Trinity Townhouse Hotel, Stauntons on the Green Hotel and Roxford Lodge Hotel are some of the popular hotels in Dublin. What hotels in Dublin offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Dublin that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Wilder, Anantara The Marker Dublin- A Leading Hotel of the World and Stauntons on the Green Hotel. What hotels in Dublin are good for couples? These hotels in Dublin are highly rated by couples: The Merrion Hotel, Number 59 - Irish Stay Group and Trinity Townhouse Hotel. What hotels in Dublin have nice views? Stauntons on the Green Hotel, Anantara The Marker Dublin- A Leading Hotel of the World and Clayton Hotel Charlemont have received great reviews from travellers in Dublin regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Great History, Greenery and Pubs Dublin is home to more than a quarter of the entire Republic of Ireland’s population and was originally founded as a Viking settlement. A lot has changed from those Viking days, and Dublin is now famous for its literary history and the most green-spaces of any other European capital, making Dublin a real Irish gem. Dublin Castle is at the heart of the city's history and Trinity College holds the renowned Book of Kells, a beautifully illustrated manuscript from circa 800 AD. The Ha’penny Bridge is the city’s most photographed landmark and the statue of Molly Malone celebrates the heroine of Dublin’s unofficial anthem. Dublin is home to many important literary figures including Oscar Wilde, William Yeats, Samuel Beckett and George Bernard Shaw. As the famous location of James Joyce’s “Ulysses”, the city offers tours tracing the protagonist’s footsteps. Being one of the most youthful European cities, Dublin has a vibrant nightlife scene with the popular Temple Bar area and plenty of bars and pubs, which invite you to stay out until the wee hours of the morning. The Dublin Airport is the gateway to your Irish holiday, so whether you’re looking for a stylish hotel, a self-catering apartment or a trendy hostel, Booking.com has a perfect deal for your Dublin trip. Learn more about visiting Dublin 173 attractions 92 points of interest 8 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Dublin: 2.0 Dublin is a busy city, with lots of traffic and bright... Dublin is a busy city, with lots of traffic and bright lights. We arrived by ferry and it took us over two hours to escape the immediate port area, after passing through customs etc, because the entire port area seemed to be in gridlock. Food is terribly expensive, whether ready-prepared or bought as groceries, and it is difficult to park. Maria United Kingdom 10 Dublin to me is absolutely amazing I work there regularly... Dublin to me is absolutely amazing I work there regularly and love every stone I walk on. I love staying up in the accommodations. Pity some thugs decided last week they would wreck out beautiful city and destroy means of traveling and our gardai. This isn't the real Dublin Anne Marie Ireland 10 Beautiful city of Dublin with nice and cozy pubs, specially... Beautiful city of Dublin with nice and cozy pubs, specially in the Temple Bar aria, nice churches, museums (guinness and whisky strong recommended 😊 ), parks and lovely people. Recommendations big time! Dado Hadzic Sweden 8.0 Dublin is a very expensive city, especially for those that... Dublin is a very expensive city, especially for those that are not paid in euro, however, it offers all the perks of a big city with the atmosphere of a small city. Once in the surroundings of the city center, plenty of places can be visited on foot (one of the best ways of contemplate the city). Temble Bar is quite touristy but it totally worth a visit if it is a first time at the city, Plenty of good restaurants and different cuisines (including nice vegetarian/vegan options) complete the scenario for those more inclined to a foodie experience. Several indoor options for rainy days, a must-have in such a wet city, but also nice squares and parks for brighter days. For thrift shoppers or just shoppers in general, TKMaxx and others shops like that as well as the really nice charity and antique shops scattered all around the city center make a fun-day complete. Nilce Brazil 4.0 I was born in Dublin and lived most of my life there so I... I was born in Dublin and lived most of my life there so I used to know it inside out. I'm glad I left the country. It is now a very expensive with exorbitant prices for accommodation (since Covid), eating out or just even living there. Don't waste your time and money - go to some other place where you wont be plagued by homeless and drug/alcohol dependent persons. The idiotic, bureaucratic government has allowed the ordinary pace of life to change from that of being a pleasant, reasonable place to being overcrowded and having a money grabbing ethic. In a time where where there is a serious housing shortage, the Government are allowing in thousands of refugees requiring accommodating (which is at the expense of Irish citizens) and met through the block booking of hotels. I only return there when absolutely necessary and, I might add traffic is a nightmare! Brendan Spain 10 Well what can you say. Well what can you say. Dublin has everything you need for a great stay. It is such a clean city puts London & Manchester to shame. Plenty to see and do. The locals are so helpful and friendly & are ready to point you in the right direction. All in all a great place. Lynn United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Dublin See all Beresford Hotel Dublin From CAD 145 per night 7.4 Good · 8,873 reviews We loved that the hotel had the bus station and tram service literally at your door step! train station was about a 2 minute walk away which is great if your looking to explore outwith Dublin. If you don't mind walking the hotel isn't far from the city centre and also has nearby pubs, restaurants and shops like Lidl, Spar, Tesco etc. Breakfast room was very relaxed, decor was beautiful and food was lovely and hot, great selection of pasties, fruit yogurts etc to. Our room was really nice, comfy and clean. Barbara United Kingdom Jacobs Inn Dublin Dublin From CAD 149.89 per night 8.3 Very good · 9,168 reviews Very easy to get to with Dublin Airport Shuttle, close walk to Connolly Station and very close to museums. Affordable eats nearby. Wifi and lots of room in onsite restaurant/cafe. Took trip to Ireland last minute and was able to get accomodations. I would say without a doubt that staff is friendliest most helpful staff I have ever met - 18th trip to Ireland and have travelled to many many places for business and holidays. Sleeping in pod was new for me, but if you ever slept on train - no difference. Sean United States REZz Dublin Dublin From CAD 131.82 per night 7.7 Good · 1,322 reviews This hotel is in the centre of Dublin, so they provide earplugs as it can be noisy. It's a great location, right in the city centre near pubs, shops and restrauants. It was a little challenging to find as its in a laneway. The staff were great, the hotel also provides free fruit (always appreciated) and water. Room was clean with the basic necessities only, bed, ensuite, chair and hangers. It wasn't too noisy when the window was closed. Michelle Australia Leonardo Hotel Dublin Parnell Street - Formerly Jurys Inn Dublin From CAD 145 per night 7.6 Good · 13,297 reviews 2 minute walk from the bus stop from Dublin Airport. Check in was fast. We arrived early but our room ready. Location was great. Could walk everywhere. 10 minute walk to Slattery's Pub. 10 minutes more to Temple Bar and Jameson. Bus tour to Northern Ireland meeting spot was just across Parnell Square. This was perfect for what we were looking for. Good enough that we stayed there 2 more nights at the end of our trip. Dan United States Travelodge Dublin City Rathmines Dublin From CAD 122.62 per night 7.4 Good · 1,706 reviews Bed - it was perfect matress (not too soft and worn) and I like the size of it even if I booked for just one person Location - as a former resident of Rathmines I feel at home in the area+ it's close to both city centre, Ranelagh, Terenure and Rathgar. Room - spacious & very, very comfy 😊 always clean and well kept hotel Staff - they are sweet, helpful, friendly - just like you expect from a hotel in Ireland Lundgren Sweden Wren Urban Nest Dublin From CAD 197.73 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 6,482 reviews I loved the friendliness of the staff as well as the clean, cozy & modern atmosphere. The location was perfect as well. We also appreciated the water bottles and refill station on our floor. We had a great view of Dublin out our room window. This was such a special trip and staying at the Wren Urban Nest definitely made the best “home-base” For us to return to after long days of exploring Ireland. Katherine United States ALTIDO Affordable Dublin Parkgate - Adults only Dublin 6.9 Pleasant · 1,144 reviews It’s basically a typical student apartment that is rented as a hotel for summer. Nothing much, a small room with private bathroom. Price is affordable in compare to other places in Dublin. Location is very nice and close to the tramway station that will bring you to a city centre in minutes. Kateryna Ireland O'Donoghue's Dublin From CAD 278.28 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 784 reviews Location is absolutely great, the hotel is placed next to the famous and fabulous pub with the same name, very near to the city centre and literally two steps from all the other nice places in Dublin. The room was very clean and quiet and the staff was extremely helpful and kind. Aleksandra Poland The Samuel Hotel Dublin From CAD 181.61 per night 8.5 Very good · 7,954 reviews The location was quiet and private but really walkable (or use public transpo) to Dublin city center. Pharmacy and grocery close by and the cafe downstairs was delicious. The bus from airport stops less than a 10 minute walk from hotel. Staff was very courteous and cheerful. Andrea Thgirb United States Bonnington Hotel & Leisure Centre Dublin From CAD 156.86 per night 7.4 Good · 4,367 reviews Fantastic swimming pool and sauna and steam. So clean. The cleanest leisure centre in Ireland and nice long hotel pool pool with lovely overhead massage showers in pool to relax your whole shoulders. Close to city centre and plenty buses immediately outside. Ray Ireland Durban Residence Dublin 7.1 Good · 1,013 reviews The hotel is located in a good location, not far from the city centre. The staff is friendly and helpful. The room was rather small and simple, but it was clean and it had everything we needed for our prolonged weekend in Dublin. Good value for money. Jana Germany Clayton Hotel Burlington Road Dublin From CAD 194.80 per night 8.3 Very good · 7,850 reviews Fridge in room as well as tea/coffee facilities. Large comfortable room. Good bathroom. Lovely area of Dublin, although about 15 walk to city centre but lots of buses. Airport bus stops right outside hotel. Parking on site. Nice restaurant and bar. Julie Ireland Zanzibar Locke Dublin From CAD 216.77 per night 9.2 Superb · 4,687 reviews This was our last stop on a 10 day trip to Ireland. The hotel provides so many special amenities. Really convenient and fun base for touring Dublin. Staff gets extra points for help they gave me when I needed to extend our stay. Debra United States Dublin Skylon Hotel Dublin From CAD 134.45 per night 8.3 Very good · 7,286 reviews We stayed at Dublin Skylon twice - at the beginning of our Ireland trip and at the end. We liked the easy access from the airport as well as the city, the cafe across the street and the overall condition and layout of our room. Kim United States The Samuel Hotel Dublin From CAD 181.61 per night 8.5 Very good · 7,954 reviews Really nice hotel just outside the city centre. Very convenient transport link into Dublin with a tram stop less than a minute from the hotel. Breakfast was good and so was the bar. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Phil United Kingdom Clontarf Castle Hotel Dublin From CAD 203.58 per night 8.9 Fabulous · 2,785 reviews The ambiance and the hotel itself was awesome. Location to Dublin city Centre was great. Not far by Taxi. The food was good, but at the time we were there the bar was the only option but choices and service was very good. Mark United States Hampton By Hilton Dublin City Centre Dublin From CAD 156.64 per night 8.5 Very good · 4,791 reviews Location excellent for Dublin City Centre, within east walking distance of shops/restaurants/bars. Modern hotel with comfortable room. Breakfast had a good selection. James United Kingdom Marlin Hotel Stephens Green Dublin From CAD 183.23 per night 8.1 Very good · 10,017 reviews Very comfortable, clean and welcoming hotel. Very close to graften street Dublin. Would recommend staying there for a weekend trip thats close to the city centre. Judith Ireland Love & Travel Dublin 6.2 Pleasant · 18 reviews The one and only affordable family managed place to stay in Dublin, the city centre but at a price of one of the three worthsable b&b's in Ireland. Paddy Irish Ireland Wynn's Hotel Dublin From CAD 205.05 per night 8.5 Very good · 3,735 reviews Location was awesome!! a block off of O'Connell St. Old hotel that been modernized! very clean, best shower I had in Ireland!! Loved the hotel Katherine United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Marlay Park Search and compare hotels close to Marlay Park, a popular destination just outside Dublin. Hotels near Dundrum Shopping Centre Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hostels in Dublin More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Dublin More great accommodation options for your trip. B&Bs in Dublin More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels near Heuston Train Station Perfect for local transport links. Visit Dublin From attractions to accommodation, everything you need to know about staying in the city. Flights to Dublin Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hotels near Dublin Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Dublin Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1866460,1847760|3,1871440,1870380,1846890,1870380|3,1847760,1870380|7