The Best Bali Hotels – Where To Stay in and around Bali, Indonesia Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Bali, Indonesia Enter your dates and choose from 12,057 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Indonesia Bali Check out these popular cities in Bali Ubud 2396 hotels Seminyak 1816 hotels Kuta 533 hotels Canggu 1589 hotels Legian 375 hotels Nusa Lembongan 435 hotels Sanur 587 hotels Uluwatu 471 hotels Nusa Dua 290 hotels Jimbaran 533 hotels Nusa Penida 436 hotels Amed 263 hotels Stay in Bali's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Amnaya Resort Nusa Dua 4 stars Hotel in Tanjung Benoa, Nusa Dua Amnaya Resort Nusa Dua features an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a restaurant and bar in Nusa Dua. This 4-star hotel offers a concierge service and a tour desk. Just from the beginning the attention of the staff has been extraordinary. The facilities of the hotel (swimming pool, gym, restaurant) were neat and the room really big. We booked a candle light dinner in the swimming pool area and the atmosphere, service and food were outstanding. Special mention to the girl of the restaurant who gave us information about this dinner and served us in the dinner with her colleague. She was lovely! The best hotel of our lives so far. A memorable stay, part of our Honeymoon. Thanks! Recommended 100%. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 1,682 reviews Price from CAD 97 per night Check availability Kastara Resort 4 stars Hotel in Sambahan, Ubud Situated in Ubud, 3.9 km from Neka Art Museum, Kastara Resort features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. Everything was great and no complaints Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 1,867 reviews Price from CAD 251 per night Check availability Potato Head Suites & Studios 5 stars Hotel in Petitenget, Seminyak Situated in Seminyak, a few steps from Batu Belig Beach, Potato Head Suites & Studios features accommodation with free bikes, free private parking, an outdoor swimming pool and a garden. Excellent location, ample space, great healthy food, amazing zero waste concept mixed with recycled art, music and wellness. The room was super comfortable and came with many free things including a bar tender that would come to your room and make you a cocktail with the cocktail kit included in the room. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 1,159 reviews Price from CAD 346 per night Check availability Purana Suite Ubud 4 stars Hotel in Pengosekan, Ubud Situated in Ubud, 1.5 km from Monkey Forest Ubud, Purana Suite Ubud features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. One of the best places to stay in Ubud. Very large room, excellent service, and central location. Everything for a reasonable price. Would stay there anytime again! Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 1,091 reviews Price from CAD 192 per night Check availability Kanvaz Village Resort Seminyak 4 stars Hotel in Petitenget, Seminyak Set in Seminyak, 700 metres from Batu Belig Beach, Kanvaz Village Resort Seminyak offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a terrace. Beautiful hotel with an excellent location, the room is very clean and spacious and includes all the necessities, the hotel service is impeccable, and all the staff is very kind and helpful. We will definitely come back. I highly recommend it. Special thanks to Mrs. Maha for her kindness and professionalism. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,440 reviews Price from CAD 187 per night Check availability The Room Padang-Padang 3 stars Hotel in Padang Padang, Uluwatu Facing the beachfront, The Room Padang-Padang offers 3-star accommodation in Uluwatu and features an outdoor swimming pool, garden and terrace. The hotel was so lovely. The pool was super peaceful and clean. Room was spacious with a balcony. Enough room to organize your belongings. Wifi worked well. Breakfast was AMAZING. Tons of options. Free pool towels changed out daily as needed. Really can’t complain. They even wished me a happy birthday and gave me a sarong! I loved my stay here. It’s right across from the beach but to be honest, the pool is much nicer than the beach! Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,282 reviews Price from CAD 147 per night Check availability Amnaya Resort Kuta 4 stars Hotel in Kartika Plaza, Kuta Boasting an à la carte restaurant, Amnaya Resort Kuta provides comfortable accommodations with free in-room WiFi access in Kuta. Nice hotel, friendly staff, good room service. Excellent experience here. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 4,062 reviews Price from CAD 127 per night Check availability Bisma Eight - CHSE Certified 5 stars Hotel in Ubud City-Centre, Ubud Situated a few minutes' away from central Ubud, Bisma Eight - CHSE Certified offers spacious contemporary rooms with traditional Japanese soaking tub. the staff + the facility + our room + the food Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 1,000 reviews Price from CAD 391 per night Check availability Sri Ratih Cottages, CHSE Certified 4 stars Hotel in Sayan, Ubud Set amidst tropical greenery, Sri Ratih Cottages, CHSE Certified offers restful stays in charming Balinese-style rooms. Location, high quality room, friendly staff, great breakfast included. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,030 reviews Price from CAD 137 per night Check availability Tapa Agung View 3 stars Hotel in Menanga Situated in Menanga, 33 km from Goa Gajah, Tapa Agung View features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Super new and modern hotel with awesome pool view. Restaurant has a delicious and huge variety of options. Also, it is quite a peaceful place. Show more Show less 9 Superb 115 reviews Price from CAD 98 per night Check availability See all 10,103 hotels in Bali Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Bali with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Sri Ratih Cottages, CHSE Certified 4 stars Hotel in Sayan, Ubud 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Amnaya Resort Kuta 4 stars Hotel in Kartika Plaza, Kuta 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 The Room Padang-Padang 3 stars Hotel in Padang Padang, Uluwatu 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.3 Kanvaz Village Resort Seminyak 4 stars Hotel in Petitenget, Seminyak 15 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Purana Suite Ubud 4 stars Hotel in Pengosekan, Ubud 23 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Potato Head Suites & Studios 5 stars Hotel in Petitenget, Seminyak 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Kastara Resort 4 stars Hotel in Sambahan, Ubud 20 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Amnaya Resort Nusa Dua 4 stars Hotel in Tanjung Benoa, Nusa Dua 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Louka Beach Bali 5 stars Hotel in Tianyar 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 Chesa Canggu 4 stars Hotel in Batu Bolong, Canggu 11 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.9 See all Most booked hotels in Bali in the past month See all The Jayakarta Bali Beach Resort 4 stars Hotel in Legian Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 7.1 Good 2,205 reviews HARRIS Hotel Kuta Tuban Bali 4 stars Hotel in Tuban, Kuta Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 8.3 Very good 2,441 reviews Grandmas Plus Hotel Seminyak 3 stars Hotel in Seminyak Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 8.3 Very good 3,782 reviews Grandmas Plus Hotel Legian 3 stars Hotel in Legian Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 8.4 Very good 2,547 reviews Grandmas Plus Hotel Airport 3 stars Hotel in Kuta Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 8.6 Fabulous 3,784 reviews Hilton Garden Inn Bali Ngurah Rai Airport 4 stars Hotel in Tuban, Kuta Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 7.5 Good 2,496 reviews Quest San Denpasar by ASTON 3 stars Hotel in Denpasar Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 8.1 Very good 617 reviews Amnaya Resort Kuta 4 stars Hotel in Kuta Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 9.1 Superb 4,062 reviews Swiss-Belhotel Tuban 4 stars Hotel in Kuta Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 8.6 Fabulous 1,586 reviews Lloyd's Inn Bali 4 stars Hotel in Seminyak Popular with guests booking hotels in Bali 8.0 Very good 2,418 reviews Bali's best hotels with breakfast See all The Mahata Hotel in Legian City-Centre, Legian Breakfast options Conveniently set in the centre of Legian, The Mahata provides air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. hotel is very nice and the staff were all extremely helpful and willing to do that bit extra. Show more Show less From CAD 65 per night 9.3 Superb 270 reviews Gynandha Ubud Cottage Hotel in Ubud City-Centre, Ubud Breakfast options Ideally set in Ubud, Gynandha Ubud Cottage features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi, free private parking and room service. staff are so attentive here. my wheel broke on my case and they fixed it for me. lovely small hotel. Show more Show less From CAD 153 per night 9.2 Superb 459 reviews Anumana Village Ubud Hotel in Ubud Breakfast options Located in Ubud, 6.2 km from Ubud Palace, Anumana Village Ubud provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Great place, the room very nice, clean, bright, the bed large and very very comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 98 per night 9.0 Superb 161 reviews Pondooks Joglo Hotel in Mushroom Bay, Nusa Lembongan Breakfast options Pondooks Joglo has an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a terrace and restaurant in Nusa Lembongan. An ensemble of five really stylish and squeaky clean huts close to Dream Beach (7 min walk). Show more Show less From CAD 69 per night 9.6 Exceptional 106 reviews ONAYA Bali Resort - Adults Only Hotel in Pecatu, Uluwatu Breakfast options Set in Uluwatu, 2.3 km from Nunggalan Beach, ONAYA Bali Resort - Adults Only offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Very nice and clean room. The staff is helpful. We would definitely return here. Show more Show less From CAD 163 per night 9.2 Superb 602 reviews BINTANG MUNDUK Hotel in Munduk Breakfast options BINTANG MUNDUK has an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a terrace and restaurant in Munduk. Spacious room, nice open shower, staff very nice and friendly Show more Show less From CAD 71 per night 9.1 Superb 104 reviews Innora Jungle Resort And Spa Hotel in Nusa Penida Breakfast options Set in Nusa Penida, 1.5 km from Kutampi Beach, Innora Jungle Resort And Spa offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. I loved my stay here!! It is so peaceful and set in a beautiful area with amazing views back over... Show more Show less From CAD 57 per night 9.1 Superb 144 reviews The Sebali Resort Hotel in Ubud Breakfast options Located in Ubud, 5.8 km from Ubud Palace, The Sebali Resort provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. Everything in this resort is just perfect. Show more Show less From CAD 914 per night 9.0 Superb 545 reviews Budget hotels in Bali See all Green D'Mel Luxury Homestay Hotel in Tanjung Benoa, Nusa Dua Budget Hotel Green D'Mel Luxury Homestay features an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a restaurant and bar in Nusa Dua. This 3-star hotel offers luggage storage space. Really clean and luxurious! A quiet place to relax Show more Show less From CAD 78 per night 9.2 Superb 397 reviews Uma Shanti Villa by Mahaputra Hotel in Ubud Budget Hotel Uma Shanti Villa by Mahaputra has an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a terrace and restaurant in Ubud. We had such a great stay here - would definitely recomend it again! Show more Show less From CAD 57 per night 9.0 Superb 110 reviews Gara Gara Sea View Hotel in Nusa Penida Budget Hotel Located in Nusa Penida, 100 metres from Sun Sun Beach, Gara Gara Sea View provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. the houses is really nice and cute. They have only 5 houses and it’s really private. Show more Show less From CAD 134 per night 9.6 Exceptional 284 reviews RR Cottage Hotel in Nusa Penida Budget Hotel Situated in Nusa Penida, 11 km from Seganing Waterfall, RR Cottage features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. The location was great. We had the best breakfasts at RR Cottage with fresh fruit and juice along... Show more Show less From CAD 67 per night 9.3 Superb 202 reviews Le Biu garden View Hotel in Mushroom Bay, Nusa Lembongan Budget Hotel Situated in Nusa Lembongan, 600 metres from Song Lambung Beach, Le Biu garden View features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Le Bui Garden is a really lovely place to stay... Show more Show less From CAD 52 per night 9.7 Exceptional 171 reviews Wide Sands Beach Retreat Hotel in Pulukan Budget Hotel Wide Sands Beach Retreat features a restaurant, outdoor swimming pool, a bar and shared lounge in Pulukan. Everything was excellent ! The staff is a big part of my judgment. Show more Show less From CAD 69 per night 9.0 Superb 354 reviews Bubu Suite by Prasi Hotel in Andong, Ubud Budget Hotel Located in Ubud, 1.9 km from Ubud Palace, Bubu Suite by Prasi provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. the breakfast, the views, the pool and the staff Show more Show less From CAD 118 per night 9.2 Superb 342 reviews Bagus Dream Beach Villa Lembongan Hotel in Mushroom Bay, Nusa Lembongan Budget Hotel Set in Nusa Lembongan, 200 metres from Dream Beach, Bagus Dream Beach Villa Lembongan offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Perfect location to explore the island, steps away from restaurants, shops, spas and the beach. Show more Show less From CAD 55 per night 9.4 Superb 219 reviews Hotels in Bali that you can book without a credit card See all Karang Agartha Lembongan Hotel in Mushroom Bay, Nusa Lembongan No credit card needed Set in Nusa Lembongan, less than 1 km from Sandy Bay Beach, Karang Agartha Lembongan offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking and a terrace. Top class place and really good value. Show more Show less From CAD 47 per night 9.0 Superb 102 reviews Kampuak Cottages Hotel in Nusa Penida No credit card needed Located in Nusa Penida, 11 km from Seganing Waterfall, Kampuak Cottages provides accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a restaurant. We had the most incredible stay with Putu and Wayan in Nusa Penida. Show more Show less From CAD 39 per night 9.6 Exceptional 211 reviews Narayana Homestay Hotel in Amed No credit card needed Situated in Amed, 100 metres from Amed Beach, Narayana Homestay features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. Beautiful place, with big and clean rooms, huge shower (good water pressure), tasty breakfast, you... Show more Show less From CAD 38 per night 9.1 Superb 405 reviews OYO 92952 Nirmala Guest House Hotel in Singaraja No credit card needed OYO 92952 Nirmala Guest House offers free WiFi throughout the property and rooms with air conditioning in Singaraja. Kintamani is 48 km from the hotel. Room and toilet were clean. AC works properly. Helpful guest service Show more Show less From CAD 15 per night 8.4 Very good 8 reviews Padang-Padang Inn Hotel in Padang Padang, Uluwatu No credit card needed Featuring a large outdoor pool and a spa centre, Padang-Padang Inn is located in Pecatu in the Bali Region, 2.4 km from New Kuta Green Park. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Great location, love the pool, bistro the friendly staff and scooters Show more Show less From CAD 62 per night 8.2 Very good 1,031 reviews Masainn Hotel Kuta Hotel in Downtown Kuta, Kuta No credit card needed Set in Kuta, 500 metres from Kuta Beach, Masainn Hotel Kuta offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a shared lounge. This 3-star hotel offers a terrace. It’s just the best place - beautiful big territory, 2 swimming pools, the room are clean and cozy. Show more Show less From CAD 52 per night 8.2 Very good 367 reviews Rini hotel Hotel in Lovina Beach, Lovina No credit card needed Rini hotel features an outdoor swimming pool, garden, a terrace and restaurant in Lovina. Exceptionally comfortable, clean accomodation set in the most beautiful grounds. Show more Show less From CAD 30 per night 8.0 Very good 320 reviews Sari Villa Ubud Hotel in Sayan, Ubud No credit card needed Providing an outdoor pool and air-conditioned rooms, Sari Villa Ubud is located 1.5 km from Ubud Market and Ubud Palace. We really enjoyed the pool area, the rooms were very nice, location is great to go arround Ubud, it... Show more Show less From CAD 53 per night 8.0 Very good 232 reviews Bali highlights Bukit peninsula’s white sand beaches The southern peninsula of Bali is blessed with idyllic golden sand beaches that are secluded below limestone cliffs. Sun tan all day and enjoy fresh seafood dishes at Jimbaran Bay while watching the sunset. Surfing, diving and snorkelling Some of the world's best surf spots are dotted along the southeast and southwest coasts of Bali, while the well-known snorkelling and diving spots can be found on the north coast. The artistic and spiritual Ubud Known for its galleries and peaceful surroundings, Ubud never fails to attract art lovers and spiritual seekers from all around the world. Temples, hot springs and water palaces Visit the island’s sacred temples such as Tanah Lot, Besakih and Uluwatu. Take a dip in the natural hot springs and marvel at the beauty of Balinese holy water palaces. Traditional dances, music and ceremonies Immerse in Bali’s rich culture by watching the traditional dance and music performances, or simply by attending local temple ceremonies. Trekking Climb Mount Batur at dawn and reward yourself with a stunning sunrise. Visit the botanical garden, waterfalls and lakes in Bedugul Highland and enjoy a lunch with a view. The scenic rice terraces The tropical landscapes in central Bali will leave you in awe with its majestic rice terraces, especially in the Jatiluwih and Tegalalang areas. Spa and wellness Pamper yourself with traditional massages and yoga or meditation classes amidst nature: the island offers a wide range of wellness options. Shopping, dining and nightlife in Seminyak Filled with funky shops, stylish restaurants and trendy bars, Seminyak draws hip crowds night and day. Beach bars and clubs From laid-back and budget-friendly bars to iconic and sophisticated venues, Kuta and Double Six beaches are home to some of the best beach bars and clubs. FAQs about hotels in Bali What is the best neighbourhood to stay in Bali? Berawa, Batu Bolong and Ubud City-Centre are popular with other travellers visiting Bali. What are the best cities to stay in Bali? Kuta, Ubud and Seminyak are popular with other travellers visiting Bali. How many hotels in Bali are listed on Booking.com? There are 12,697 hotels in Bali you can book on Booking.com. What are the best hotels in Bali near Ngurah Rai International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Bali near Ngurah Rai International Airport (DPS) have said good things about Novotel Bali Ngurah Rai Airport, HARRIS Hotel Kuta Tuban Bali and Fairfield by Marriott Bali South Kuta. What are the best hotels to stay in Bali? Purana Suite Ubud, Amnaya Resort Nusa Dua and Kastara Resort are some of the popular hotels in Bali. In addition to these hotels, Potato Head Suites & Studios, Kanvaz Village Resort Seminyak and The Room Padang-Padang are also popular in Bali. How much is a hotel in Bali for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Bali this weekend is CAD 75 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 164. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Bali for this weekend cost on average around CAD 428 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Bali for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 66 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Bali for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 171 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Bali will cost around CAD 301 (based on Booking.com prices). How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Bali? On average, 3-star hotels in Bali cost CAD 61 per night, and 4-star hotels in Bali are CAD 129 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Bali can on average be found for CAD 333 per night (based on Booking.com prices). What are the best hotels in Bali near Potato Head Beach Club? Some of the best hotels in Bali near Potato Head Beach Club include Potato Head Suites & Studios, Cicada Luxury Townhouses and The Dusun. What hotels in Bali offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Bali that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Villa Lumbalumba, Kano Sari Ubud Villas and Amar Boutique Hotel. Breakfast at these hotels in Bali are also highly rated: La Reserve 1785 Canggu Beach, Giri Bhagawan Villas & Spa and Lempuyang Boutique Hotel. What hotels in Bali are good for couples? Couples travelling in Bali loved staying at Desa Hay Canggu, La Reserve 1785 Canggu Beach and Louka Beach Bali. Similarly, these hotels in Bali are highly rated by couples: Kalyssa Beach Bungalows, Le Biu garden View and Gara Gara Sea View. What hotels in Bali have nice views? Umadewi Surf & Retreat, Le Biu garden View and The Parnas have received great reviews from travellers in Bali regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying in Bali also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at Gara Gara Sea View, La Reserve 1785 Canggu Beach and Kalia Bingin - Adult only. Which hotels in Bali are good for families? Many families visiting Bali loved staying at Louka Beach Bali, La Reserve 1785 Canggu Beach and Pondooks Joglo. Similarly, Le Biu garden View, The Valerian Villa Ubud and Kampuak Cottages are also popular among family travellers. What are some popular places to stay in and around Bali? Popular places to stay in Bali include hotels near Potato Head Beach Club, Hard Rock Cafe and Beachwalk Shopping Mall. An Island Dream The dream destination of Bali is where volcanic landscape meets lush rice terraces and pristine beaches. Not to mention the fantastic surfing, cheap shopping and pervading spirituality that have made this Indonesian island a long-time favourite for backpackers. The island’s capital is Denpasar in the south, but its surf and party capital is nearby Kuta. Swaying palm trees line the beach here and many more cover the grounds of the Bali hotels on the beach in more exclusive Seminyak to the north. On the island’s north coast, Pemuteran beach offers lovely views of the sloping mountains heading towards the Bali Sea. Many beaches on this coast are black sand, including sweeping Lovina beach from where dolphins can often be seen. Tulamben in the east is one of the better diving resorts in Bali, while Sanur is a popular option for families. Ubud is the island’s cultural capital and houses a monkey sanctuary in its jungle-like landscape. An ancient Hindu temple is found here, but the best-known temple is Tanah Lot, surrounded by water. There are also hundreds of fantastic spas in Bali, as well as meditation and yoga classes that you can join. Whether you choose to stay inland or by the beautiful coastline, Booking.com has a great range of villas, guest houses and hotels in Bali. Planning a trip? Get inspired by reviews of cities in Bali 10 The Balinese people are such genuine & sincere people... The Balinese people are such genuine & sincere people & willing to do anything for you . Love the markets & the beaches. Too many motorbikes, but we all accept that, as that's the means of cheap transport for all Balanese. Show more Show less Lynette &amp; Robb Australia 10 Great place to escape if you had enough of the touristy... Great place to escape if you had enough of the touristy areas of Bali. Perfect location to live the exotic island life. Great place to do all sorts of water sports (surf, dive , snorkel etc). Show more Show less Naissa Australia 8.0 Loved how many cafes there are that cater to Plantbased... Loved how many cafes there are that cater to Plantbased eating and the coffee has improved a lot . So many fantastic restaurants. It was really busy with lots of traffic when I went there as it was a holiday in Indonesia so lots of people and cars from Jakarta where visiting Bali which made it too busy for what I normally like . Seminyak is one of the more expensive areas of Bali. It wasn't really a cheap holiday but comparative to places on par in Australia it was cheaper . I noticed lots of rubbish at the sides of the road which is disturbing- but cafes seem to be becoming a bit 'greener' with less plastic straws being used - I took my own shopping bags and refused plastic whenever I could Show more Show less Melissa Australia 8.0 We walked mostly but taxis are easy to get and cheap. We walked mostly but taxis are easy to get and cheap. The beach near our resort was crowded and not appealing. Sooo many people doing water sports all together, it turned us off. We had great meals at Mr Bobs. Great ribs ! Bali Collection is a brand name shopping outlet with plenty of places to eat too. Good day there Show more Show less ceri Australia 10 We were glad we chose this location as there was a verity of... We were glad we chose this location as there was a verity of great restaurants , bars and shops.. We also had a driver from Bali Safe Tour we used to take us on day trips and airport pickup. Show more Show less Joanne Australia 10 Lembongan is a small island reached by boat from Bali. Lembongan is a small island reached by boat from Bali. You can hire a bike for the day or get one from your hotel (cheaper option ususally). Get a local map and drive around, you can see everything in just a few hours. Go over the Yellow Bridge to Nusa Ceningan and have a look there too. Lovely places to visit and very quiet. Many places close around 10pm so start your happy hour early. Show more Show less Angela United Arab Emirates 10 Ubud is amazing! Ubud is amazing! I had low expectations of Bali as I thought it was just an Instagramers dream (not about that life) I want real authentic culture and Unud gave me that. So much that I want to live here one day! It has great food (amazing!!!) wonderful people, so much to see and do. We did mount batur trek (wasn't amazing as it was full on raining) but an achievement! We did a half day tour of the rice fields (wasn't impresssed) elephant cave (interesting as it's so so old, but 30 mins max needed) and finally Tirta Empul, holy spring temple, my favourite thing we did. So authentic, beautiful and whilst a tourist attraction it still kept its full cultural authenticity. Show more Show less Jennifer United Kingdom 10 I was visiting my Balinese friends who lived in Sanur. I was visiting my Balinese friends who lived in Sanur. They had a tragic accident on 'holiday'in Jakarta and had been transferred back to Bali Hospital. I had been to the wedding of my Australian neice to a Balinese youin August 2016 and loved Sanur then. It is more accessible than Kuta. Not as busy and more amenable to families. Show more Show less Frances Australia 10 A great city on Bali, the traffic is not as heavy as in Kuta... A great city on Bali, the traffic is not as heavy as in Kuta or Seminyak if you are on scooter. A lot of great places to visit near by, lot of pool bars in the vicinity for families and solo/partner riders. Definetly try bebek bingul! Short trip tu Ulun Danu and the volcano. A great place to take a rest for a fee days if you are going to the north of the Island. Show more Show less Nebojsa Serbia 10 An annual festival at the lakeside pura Ulan Danu was... An annual festival at the lakeside pura Ulan Danu was beautiful, with a spectacular procession into the prayer area from the entrance. (date:25th June). The whole area was decorated with colourfull artificial or real flowers and Balinese decorations. Show more Show less Tony Netherlands Explore guest reviews of hotels in Bali See all Bali Breezz Hotel Hotel in Jimbaran From CAD 67 per night 7.9 Good 858 reviews I honestly do not have a bad word to say about Bali Breeze Hotel. The grounds are lovely and well kept. The room was big, clean and the bed was comfy. . There was complimentary bottled water, tea, coffee, shampoo and shower gel which were replenished each day. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location was perfect. Close to loads of restaurants and a short 10 walk to the main street were you'll find a small supermarket and pharmacies. Really close to the airport too. Two minute walk to the beach. I would definitely stay here again. Show more Show less Joanna United Kingdom The Kuta Beach Heritage Hotel - Managed by Accor Hotel in Kuta From CAD 87 per night 7.8 Good 886 reviews Love this hotel! The front staff, restaurant staff, housekeeping, and everyone we met were very nice. Opt for the breakfast to be added to your reservations. They have a great breakfast buffet pool side (clean!) and with a gorgeous view of the ocean. Rooms were very clean and beds were comfortable. Our group had the pool side and balcony rooms. Both were nice. Hotel was across the street from the beach and close to local markets. Will stay here again next time we're in Bali again. Show more Show less Black United States Royal Tulip Springhill Resort Jimbaran Jimbaran From CAD 126 per night 8.3 Very good 621 reviews Staff is extremely nice. Like in all Bali, I would say. They seem to try their best to help and make your stay pleasant. Most speak English at the level to be able to communicate. Though, barely. Some speak well enough. Some definitely not. Hotel offers many services. Most in the room price. Quality varies, though. Nice breakfasts with plenty of options. Limited to vegans, but acceptable, as the kitchen tries to do something separately. Balcony. Plenty of plants and trees around. Show more Show less DanielDK Denmark Hyatt Regency Bali Sanur From CAD 196 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,465 reviews The staff was really kind and helpful. The Regency Club access is a must have. With it you can enjoy the cocktail hours which is way beyond your imagination (drinks and foods). The bbq restaurant was also exeptional. We were 3 different city in Bali (Ubud, Gili and Sanur). Be prepared that this Hotel (and Sanur Beach itself) is similar to western, european trends, not traditional style. It is not a good or bad thing, just a fact. It is your choice which do you prefer. Show more Show less Péter Hungary Nick's Pension Hotel in Ubud From CAD 61 per night 7.8 Good 449 reviews Tropical feel, more immersed in nature. Hotel accommodated our early departure by serving an extra breakfast a day before. Awesome Balinese dance show, restaurant accommodated a reservation for the best table for the show! Free flow bottled water (bring your own bottle) at the lobby. Very large rooms and beds. Mosquito protection ample with mosquito nets. Air conditioning on while we left so we could come back to a cool room. Gracious staff. Great location. Show more Show less Alexander Hong Kong Sanur House Hotel in Sanur From CAD 84 per night 8.8 Fabulous 726 reviews Cozy hotel, charming garden and retaurant. Room was nice, good air con, offered water in a glas recipient in the room, which is great and avoid the use of so many plastic water bottles. Staff super friendly and professional. The hotel offeres free bike. Hotel near the main street in Sanur with many beautiful shops. Sanur is a very lovely and relaxed neighbourhood, less crowded then other spots in Bali we went to. Not near to surf in the dry season, however. Show more Show less Su_Campinas Brazil Bali Karma Sajtra Hotel Hotel in Seminyak From CAD 75 per night 8.5 Very good 246 reviews Everyone at Bali Karma Sajtra Hotel were so nice and accomodating always! Had the best stay felt like it was my home for the week especially travelling alone it’s great to feel so comfortable somewhere. I loved the pool and there was never anyone there when I went and had the best view from my room right in front of it! Really close walk to some great restaurants like Livingstone, Da Maria, Ling Lings and The Forge! Show more Show less Alisa Ingram Australia Tandjung Sari Hotel Sanur From CAD 377 per night 9.6 Exceptional 371 reviews We stayed in the 2 bedroom family villa which was excellent - great beds/showers/AC. The restaurant was excellent - great ocean/beach view & people watching from everyone on the boardwalk that runs in front of the hotel. Excellent breakfast. Hotel arranged airport transport for us which all went well and did laundry which was great. Loved the traditional Balinese grounds/pool/atmosphere. Show more Show less Christine United States Kun's Stay Private Apartments Seminyak From CAD 61 per night 8.4 Very good 24 reviews Great little apartment in a great location. Attached to a beachfront resort and all facilities there were included. Apartment had everything needed for an enjoyable time Staff were fantastic and very responsive and helpful. Walk right onto the beach for sunset or swimming. Transport was available right outside the front gate. We come to Bali often and this was a great find. We will definitely be back. Show more Show less Rich United States Dip & Doze Boutique Hostel Canggu From CAD 16 per night 9.2 Superb 552 reviews Hostel with all the comfort of a nice hotel, we got a private room and it was one of the best we found in Bali with great value for money. Personnel is very friendly and attentive. The bathroom is small but with big shower so we didn't mind. Perfect location close to many nice bars and restaurants. Not too far from the beach either and the big beach clubs in Canggu (Atlas, Finn's and so on) Show more Show less Rossella Belgium Pelangi Bali Hotel & Spa Hotel in Seminyak From CAD 131 per night 8.2 Very good 1,486 reviews Our first time to Bali and a delayed honeymoon - so the accommodation was a bit special for us and we were very happy. Love Bali and the people and we felt very looked after by the wonderful and friendly staff at Pelangi Bali Hotel and Spa. Immaculately looked after and clean premises and of course the location is fantastic. Breakfast was great. I would definitely recommend staying here.. Show more Show less Helen New Zealand Courtyard by Marriott Bali Seminyak Resort Seminyak From CAD 140 per night 9.0 Superb 1,816 reviews The property is well maintained. Its in a convenient location. Hotel staffs are very friendly, polite and attentive. Breakfast buffeteas great even the ala carte. Shuttle to beach and centet is efficient and private beach spot for Marriott guests was awesome. Courtyard Marriott Seminyak Bali made our stay extra special. We highly recommend this place. Its great for families and couples. Show more Show less Jerry Mae United States Yuliati House Ubud From CAD 28 per night 8.3 Very good 266 reviews Lovely hotel in Ubud with very nice and accomodating staff with the best banana pancakes of Bali. We had a Bungalow right at the pool, perfect for refreshment after a hot day in the busy city. Hotel looks exactly like in the pictures, even better. Very clean and well equipped. They also provide an airport pick up service. Overall best hotel that we stayed in for our trip in Bali. Show more Show less Mira Germany Hotel Jati Sanur Sanur From CAD 46 per night 8.5 Very good 319 reviews Hotel Jati is an old style Bali hotel with rooms surrounded by gardens, an affordable oasis in an overpriced Sanur. The breakfast is delicious and delivered to your private patio. Staff is very friendly and will hold your bags for you if you want to wander around the local shops after check out time. perfect stay for a ferry boat stopover. Show more Show less Alex United States Tropical Bali Hotel Sanur From CAD 48 per night 9.2 Superb 297 reviews The Tropical Bali Hotel exceeded my expectations as soon as I walked through the entrance. It has a beautiful vibe. The staff was attentive and helpful. The pool provided a respite after a busy day of sight seeing. The breakfast was served outside of my room. The price of this property is very reasonable for what you get. Show more Show less Khan United States Uma Dawa Resort and Spa Ubud From CAD 64 per night 8.2 Very good 175 reviews The staff were friendly, professional and very attentive. The villa grounds are very traditional and rustic, typically Balinese culture architecture and vibes. True taste of Bali life. The pool area is peaceful and mostly empty, very nice place to relax. Hotel offers 100K a day rental for scooters which is convenient. Show more Show less Acepreneur Media Canada Mercure Resort Sanur Hotel in Sanur From CAD 72 per night 7.6 Good 831 reviews Your Hotel in Sanur honours the tradition and culture of Bali ... this is invaluable. That is what attracts me as a traveller . Breakfast location and layout is amongst the best in Bali. Your breakfast is excellent and noticeably superior to some larger far more expensive resorts in Legion. Show more Show less deselwin Australia Swiss-Belhotel Tuban Hotel in Kuta From CAD 48 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,586 reviews I recently had the pleasure of staying at Swissbel Hotel Tuban during my trip to Bali and it exceeded all my expectations! The service here is truly outstanding, some of the best I've ever experienced. The staff go above and beyond to ensure every guest feels welcomed and cared for. Show more Show less Anonymous Indonesia FOX Hotel Jimbaran Beach Hotel in Jimbaran From CAD 64 per night 8.2 Very good 1,205 reviews Hotel is in walking distance of the beach. Every evening you could go to the beach, watch the sunset and eat delicious seafood on the sand. The rooftop pool had a beautiful view of the coastline and sunset. The room was large and clean. No balcony but a large Bali day bed. Show more Show less Edward Australia InterContinental Bali Resort, an IHG Hotel Jimbaran From CAD 229 per night 8.7 Fabulous 914 reviews Best hotel I have staid, very friendly staff, very helpful too, felt always in a good hands. Hotel facilities are astonishing, very Bali like, every corner was fabulous and very clean. Definitely recommended this hotel. P.s food also was very delicious :) Show more Show less Vida Ireland Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Ngurah Rai International Airport Find hotels conveniently close to the area's most popular airport – perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in Indonesia Set off to explore the whole country. Hotels in Ubud A popular choice with guests visiting Bali. Hotels in Canggu A popular choice with guests visiting Bali. Villas in Bali Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Resorts in Bali Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Badung Thinking about a longer trip? Looking for ideas for other destinations? Take a look at nearby Badung and continue your search! Hotels in Nusa Dua peninsula Take a look at properties in a destination nearby. Hotels on Batam Discover another popular destination within Indonesia. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440