The 10 best hotels close to Disneyland Paris in Paris, France Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Hotels near Disneyland Paris, Paris Enter your dates and choose from 694 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home France Paris Disneyland Paris Featured hotels near Disneyland Paris Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Swann Disney Appartement Montévrain (1.3 km from Disneyland Paris) Swann Disney Appartement, a property with a garden, is situated in Montévrain, 38 km from Opéra Bastille, 39 km from Notre Dame Cathedral, as well as 39 km from Sainte-Chapelle. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 117 reviews Price from CAD 179 per night Check availability L'essentiel, proche de Disneyland Paris 2 chambres et 2 SDB Chessy (1.4 km from Disneyland Paris) A recently renovated holiday home situated in Chessy, L'essentiel, proche de Disneyland Paris 2 chambres et 2 SDB features a tennis court. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 97 reviews Price from CAD 211 per night Check availability Appartement near Disney Parks Chessy (1.7 km from Disneyland Paris) Appartement near Disney Parks is located in Chessy, a 2-minute walk from Val d'Europe Train Station, which leads to Disneyland Paris in just 5 minutes. Guests have access to free WiFi. Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 147 reviews Price from CAD 212 per night Check availability Dream House Disneyland Paris Chessy (1.6 km from Disneyland Paris) Set in Chessy, Dream House Disneyland Paris is a sustainable accommodation, 36 km from Paris-Gare-de-Lyon and 37 km from Opéra Bastille. Show more Show less 9.8 Exceptional 78 reviews Price from CAD 178 per night Check availability Appartement Wakandais-proche Disney, parking & wifi Montévrain (1.5 km from Disneyland Paris) Situated in Montévrain, Appartement Wakandais-proche Disney, parking & wifi is a recently renovated accommodation, 37 km from Paris-Gare-de-Lyon and 38 km from Opéra Bastille. Show more Show less 9.7 Exceptional 57 reviews Price from CAD 183 per night Check availability Myhomezen Chessy Disneyland Val d'Europe - 3D PlayStation 4 Chessy (1.7 km from Disneyland Paris) Located in Chessy, just a 5-minute drive from Disneyland Paris, Myhomezen Chessy Disneyland Val d'Europe - 3D PlayStation 4 offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi access. Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 146 reviews Price from CAD 244 per night Check availability See more properties near Disneyland Paris Top 10 trending hotels near Disneyland Paris Discover our most popular hotels from the last 30 days Most booked Most wish-listed Most booked Most wish-listed Résidence Du Parc Val d'Europe 3 stars Hotel in Montévrain #1 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 6.8 Review score 11,551 reviews Explorers Hotel Marne-la-Vallée 3 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #2 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.6 Good 8,933 reviews Campanile Val de France 3 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #3 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.8 Good 17,083 reviews Residhome Val d'Europe 4 stars Hotel in Montévrain #4 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 8.3 Very good 6,281 reviews Grand Magic Hotel Marne La Vallée 4 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #5 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 8.0 Very good 4,988 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel Paris, Marne-la-Vallée 4 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #6 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.8 Good 11,740 reviews Dream Castle Hotel Marne La Vallee 4 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #7 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.9 Good 3,655 reviews Relais Spa Chessy Val d'Europe 4 stars Hotel in Chessy #8 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 8.7 Fabulous 5,963 reviews Adagio Serris Val d Europe 3 stars Hotel in Serris #9 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.6 Good 7,355 reviews Ace Hôtel Paris Marne La Vallée 3 stars Hotel in Bailly-Romainvilliers #10 Booked hotel near Disneyland Paris 8.0 Very good 6,050 reviews See more hotels near Disneyland Paris Résidence Du Parc Val d'Europe 3 stars Hotel in Montévrain #1 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 6.8 Review score 11,551 reviews Explorers Hotel Marne-la-Vallée 3 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #2 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.6 Good 8,933 reviews Campanile Val de France 3 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #3 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.8 Good 17,083 reviews Paxton Paris MLV 4 stars Hotel in Ferrières-en-Brie #4 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 8.0 Very good 3,181 reviews Residhome Val d'Europe 4 stars Hotel in Montévrain #5 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 8.3 Very good 6,281 reviews Grand Magic Hotel Marne La Vallée 4 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #6 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 8.0 Very good 4,988 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel Paris, Marne-la-Vallée 4 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #7 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.8 Good 11,740 reviews Dream Castle Hotel Marne La Vallee 4 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #8 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.9 Good 3,655 reviews Adagio Serris Val d Europe 3 stars Hotel in Serris #9 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 7.6 Good 7,355 reviews B&B Hôtel près de Disneyland Paris 2 stars Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre #10 Wish-listed hotel near Disneyland Paris 8.2 Very good 18,125 reviews See more hotels near Disneyland Paris Enjoy breakfast at the hotels near Disneyland Paris See all Holiday Inn Express - Marne-la-Vallée Val d'Europe, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Bailly-Romainvilliers Breakfast options Located in Bailly-Romainvilliers, 39 km from Paris-Gare-de-Lyon, Holiday Inn Express - Marne-la-Vallée Val d'Europe, an IHG Hotel provides accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking, a... Clean, tidy, everything that you need and expect from this kind of accomodation Show more Show less From CAD 136 per night 8.4 Very good 2,244 reviews Moxy Paris Val d'Europe Hotel in Montévrain Breakfast options Set in Montévrain, 36 km from Paris-Gare-de-Lyon, Moxy Paris Val d'Europe offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. Everything was perfect. So much attention to detail. Lovely staff. Great location. Show more Show less From CAD 133 per night 8.7 Fabulous 2,436 reviews Hôtel Dali Val d'Europe Hotel in Chanteloup-en-Brie Breakfast options Located in Chanteloup-en-Brie, 36 km from Paris-Gare-de-Lyon, Hôtel Dali Val d'Europe provides accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a garden.... Everything beautiful rooms ,good food and fab swimming oool Show more Show less From CAD 248 per night 8.5 Very good 2,045 reviews Ace Hôtel Paris Marne La Vallée Hotel in Bailly-Romainvilliers Breakfast options Ace Hôtel Paris Marne La Vallée offers accommodation in Bailly-Romainvillier, 5 km from Disneyland Paris. The property is 40 km from the centre of Paris. The breakfast offerings are incredible and the rooms are spacious and well kept! Show more Show less From CAD 151 per night 8.0 Very good 6,050 reviews B&B Hôtel près de Disneyland Paris Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre Breakfast options Situated in Magny-le-Hongre, B&B Hôtel près de Disneyland Paris près de Disneyland® Paris offers accommodation 34 km from Paris with free high speed WiFi and a paid private parking. Having a shuttle at your convenience Show more Show less From CAD 154 per night 8.2 Very good 18,125 reviews Hotel Les Suites - Domaine de Crécy Hotel in Crecy la Chapelle Breakfast options Midway between Paris and the picturesque Champagne region, near Disneyland Paris, Domaine de Crécy is a 17th-century farm that was renovated into a hotel with 2 golf courses. very comfortable rooms. Very beautiful location I was impressed by the security of the hotel the... Show more Show less From CAD 124 per night 8.2 Very good 1,633 reviews Best Western Hôtel Grand Parc Marne La Vallée Hotel in Chanteloup-en-Brie Breakfast options Located only a 14-minute drive from Disneyland Paris and a 40-minute drive from the Astérix Amusement Park, Best Western Hôtel Grand Parc Marne La Vallée features a spa with a sauna and hot tub,... The rooms were clean. My kids liked the bunk bed and the two play areas near the reception. Show more Show less From CAD 137 per night 8.0 Very good 3,651 reviews Marriott's Village d'Ile-de-France Hotel in Bailly-Romainvilliers Breakfast options The Marriott's Village d'Ile-de-France resort is situated in Bailly-Romainvilliers, in the countryside just beyond Disneyland Paris. great village with very clean houses the best for family Show more Show less From CAD 262 per night 8.9 Fabulous 1,962 reviews Budget hotels near Disneyland Paris See all B&B HOTEL Meaux Hotel in Meaux Budget Hotel B&B HOTEL Meaux is situated in Meaux, 44 km from Gare du Nord and 44 km from Gare de l'Est. The 2-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom and free WiFi. Open area Free Parking 🅿️ and big room 411 for 4 people also big toilet. Show more Show less From CAD 92 per night 7.2 Good 2,810 reviews B&B HOTEL Marne-La-Vallée Torcy Hotel in Torcy Budget Hotel Featuring free WiFi, B&B HOTEL Marne-La-Vallée Torcy allows easy access to Disney, just 3 stops away by RER train. It is situated in Torcy, 22 km from Paris. Private parking is available on site. Location, cleanliness, and comfort, jovana was very helpful, she could speak very well English and... Show more Show less From CAD 88 per night 7.5 Good 7,227 reviews Camping Le Parc de Paris Hotel in Villevaudé Budget Hotel Offering a tennis court and a children’s playground, Camping Le Parc de Paris is located in Villevaudé. The property is 27 km from Disneyland Paris and 38 km from the centre of Paris. Location..property..kids friendly..comfortable Show more Show less From CAD 83 per night 7.7 Good 5,676 reviews hotelF1 Marne la Vallée Collégien Hotel in Collégien Budget Hotel HotelF1 Marne la Vallée Collégien offers accommodation in Collégien and is a 15-minute drive from Disneyland Paris. Rooms include a flat-screen TV. Each room comes with a shared bathroom and free... It's was clean and great place for a good start to euro disneyland. Good value for money. Show more Show less From CAD 63 per night 6.0 Review score 3,712 reviews ibis budget Marne la Vallée Val d'Europe Hotel in Montévrain Budget Hotel Situated 6 km from Disneyland Paris and fully renovated in summer 2018, ibis budget Marne la Vallée Val d'Europe is situated in Montévrain and features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Room was good. Nothing really fancy but very functional and comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 125 per night 6.8 Review score 3,925 reviews ibis budget Marne la Vallée Pontault Combault Hotel in Pontault-Combault Budget Hotel Ibis budget Marne la Vallée Pontault Combault is set in Pontault-Combault, 21 km from Paris. There is a 24-hour reception and guests can enjoy the on-site bar at the property. Everything perfect especially the receptionist morning I can't remember his name but that guy... Show more Show less From CAD 88 per night 7.1 Good 3,720 reviews ibis Paris Marne la Vallee Emerainville Hotel in Émerainville Budget Hotel Located just 17 km from Disneyland Paris, ibis Paris Marne la Vallée Emerainville offers a 24-hour reception, free Wi-Fi access throughout and luggage storage. comfortable and very friendly staff. very understanding and just a very nice atmosphere Show more Show less From CAD 119 per night 7.6 Good 1,603 reviews ibis budget Marne la Vallée Hotel in Saint-Thibault-des-Vignes Budget Hotel Located in Saint-Thibault-des-Vignes, just a 15-minute drive from Disneyland Paris, ibis budget Marne la Vallée offers a 24-hour reception and garden. Villepint Exhibition Centre is 20 km away. We booked this hotel just for a sleepover as it is close to Disneyland. Show more Show less From CAD 86 per night 7.3 Good 2,939 reviews Hotels with great access to Disneyland Paris! See all L'Elysée Val d'Europe Hotel in Serris Great location The L’Elysée Val D’Europe hotel is located just a few minutes from the Val D’Europe shopping centre and Sea Life Acquarium, and Disneyland Paris is 2 km away. It offers free Wi-Fi internet access. Everything - staff, location, breakfast, dinner… Show more Show less From CAD 190 per night 9.0 Superb 5,443 reviews Domaine de La Coudraie - Marne la Vallée Val d'Europe Hotel in Montévrain Great location Domaine de La Coudraie - Marne la Vallée Val d'Europe features a garden, shared lounge, a terrace and water sports facilities in Montévrain. The property was clean and bed was comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 97 per night 8.7 Fabulous 65 reviews Domaine de Bellevue, The Originals Relais (Relais du Silence) Hotel in Neufmoutiers-en-Brie Great location Just a 25-minute drive from Disneyland Paris and 45 km from the centre of Paris, Domaine de Bellevue, The Originals Relais offers en suite guest rooms in an old farmhouse, a landscaped garden, a spa... a great comfortable place to stay and wonderful hotel staff! Thank you very much! Show more Show less From CAD 186 per night 8.6 Fabulous 163 reviews Hôtel Mercure Marne-la-Vallée Bussy St Georges Hotel in Bussy-Saint-Georges Great location Hôtel Mercure Marne la Vallée is opposite the Bussy Saint Georges RER train station, which leads directly to Disneyland Paris and Val d'Europe shopping centre. Location was very central , food and stores near by and Disney was a short drive . Show more Show less From CAD 150 per night 8.1 Very good 1,421 reviews Grand Magic Hotel Marne La Vallée Hotel in Magny-le-Hongre Great location The Grand Magic Hotel located in Disneyland Paris opens its doors and immerses you in a unique immersive experience that young and old alike will love. Beautiful decor, clean rooms & reception , friendly helpful reception staff & frequent bus... Show more Show less From CAD 208 per night 8.0 Very good 4,988 reviews Hôtel Le Cheval Blanc Hotel in Jossigny Great location This hotel is housed in a renovated 18th-century coaching inn in Jossigny, just 10 km from Disneyland Paris and 4 km from Val d'Europe Shopping Centre. Cozy bedroom n great breakfast Show more Show less From CAD 158 per night 8.0 Very good 1,334 reviews Paxton Paris MLV Hotel in Ferrières-en-Brie Great location Paxton Paris MLV is only 10 minutes by train from Disneyland Paris and 5 minutes from Val d'Europe. With an on-site bar, it has bowling alleys and a billiards table. Location was perfect, only a 15 minute drive to disneyland and the grounds are gorgeous and quiet... Show more Show less From CAD 263 per night 8.0 Very good 3,181 reviews Hotel PDG Hotel in Montévrain Great location Hotel PDG is set in Montévrain, within 36 km of Opéra Bastille and 37 km of Notre Dame Cathedral. With free WiFi, this 3-star hotel offers an ATM and luggage storage space. Show more Show less From CAD 130 per night 8.0 Very good 24 reviews Sleeping Beauty's Castle A Disneyland icon, the pink-hued turrets of this fairy-tale palace evoke the real-life castles found scattered across the French countryside. Watch out – it’s guarded by a sleeping dragon, so you’ll need to tread carefully as you make your way inside, passing by stained-glass windows and tapestries. Nightfall sees the castle illuminated by fireworks and a spectacular light show. Planning a trip to see the Disneyland Paris? Check out the latest reviews and scores 10 When you book tickets, book the one that allows you to... When you book tickets, book the one that allows you to switch between the parks. Disney studio is small and has more `rides form older kids. Disney park is very big and you need more than one day to go around as it is much more crowded. Show more Show less Nicol13 Cyprus 6.0 This is not the USA Disneyland or Disneyworld experience but... This is not the USA Disneyland or Disneyworld experience but it's ok. We missed magical moments and saw only 3 characters in the park whilst being there all day. We visited the 2 parks, in terms of rides all were good, but the experience in customer service was not as expected especially after having been to the ones in the USA, people in character and magical attitud was missing. Show more Show less Anonymous Guatemala 10 It is a wonderful experience . It is a wonderful experience ...me and my kids enjoy every moment there....the different kinds of activities , the games, the paths , the walks,the shops,the style,the colors,the shows,every thing was amazing Show more Show less Nasreen Israel 8.0 I tried to avoid buying the Premier Pass to skip the lines:... I tried to avoid buying the Premier Pass to skip the lines: We went mid-week (Tuesday), avoiding holidays and peak season, but the wait for the first ride we wanted to go on was 110 minutes, so paying for the upgrade was well worth it. My 10yo and I felt like rockstars jumping all the queues and it meant we could fit both parks and all the rides we wanted to in one (very long) day. Show more Show less Melissa Australia 8.0 Smaller than Florida but just as expensive. Smaller than Florida but just as expensive. Many rides were closed. My wife loved it. I think Disney is over priced and over rated. The Illumination show at the end was spectacular though. We waited over 2 hours for a 3 minute Spiderman ride even with buying the all access pass. Show more Show less Mike United States 10 We, together with my kids unlocked our 4th Magic Kingdom... We, together with my kids unlocked our 4th Magic Kingdom Park experience. My kids, being California-native also enjoyed what Paris Disneyland Park has to offer. There are wee Parisian touches (and theme) here and there in this Magic Kingdom that provides a unique experience to one. Definitely a must-see place for Disneyland-fan like my kids! Show more Show less Nomadic_JC Bahrain Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Things to do in Paris Attractions, tours and more – how will you spend your time in Paris? Hotels in Meaux Find more hotels in a city close to Disneyland Paris. Hotels in Noisy-le-Grand Find more hotels in a city close to Disneyland Paris. Hotels in Torcy Find more hotels in a city close to Disneyland Paris. Visit Paris Visitor info for a popular local city. Flights from London to Paris Find and compare prices for popular flight routes. Car hire in Paris Hire a car and hit the road, whether that's A to B or for a longer road trip. Hotels near AccorHotels Arena Places to stay near another famous landmark. Hotels near Paris Nord Villepinte Exhibition Centre Places to stay near another famous landmark. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440,1870070