The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Mumbai, India - Mumbai hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Mumbai Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Mumbai hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels India Maharashtra Mumbai Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Mumbai – 1,016 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates JW Marriott Mumbai Sahar Airport 5 stars Hotel in Western Suburbs, Mumbai Located 400 metres from Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport Mumbai and offering an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre and a spa wellness centre, JW Marriott Mumbai Sahar is located in Andheri... Ritesh VD Bahrain Perfect location... close to the intl airport...very good facilities like the pool,gym and spa... Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 2,603 reviews Price from CAD 195 per night Check availability Sofitel Mumbai BKC 5 stars Hotel in Bandra, Mumbai Situated in Bandra Kurla Complex Sofitel Mumbai BKC has easy access to north and south Mumbai through the Eastern & Western Express Highways and the Bandra-Worli Sea Link, as well as to both the... Hind Saudi Arabia Thank you for all the team, they were super nice and helpful. Show more Show less 8.2 Very good 2,956 reviews Price from CAD 146 per night Check availability The Leela Mumbai 5 stars Hotel in Western Suburbs, Mumbai Luxurious accommodation coupled with 6 dining options can be expected at The Leela Mumbai, just 5 minutes' drive from Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport. Irfan Joher Kuwait Location, staff, services, amenities Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 3,180 reviews Price from CAD 178 per night Check availability Residency Hotel Fort 3 stars Hotel in South Mumbai, Mumbai Located in the heart of Mumbai, Residency Hotel Fort is 100 metres from the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus. It features rooms with a flat-screen TV and 24-hour room... Joeway Denmark The breakfast buffet provided was nice and had both local food as well as continental options. The location is about 1-2km from the Gateway of India so it had lots of stuff to do in its vicinity. The best about my say however was the staff. They were amazing even before we entered the hotel. The service truly was outstanding and available at all times. We had a piccolo (I believe his name is Gopal?) and other staff members help us with so many unnecessary things even after we checked out of the hotel. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 1,785 reviews Price from CAD 145 per night Check availability Radisson Mumbai Andheri MIDC 4 stars Hotel in Western Suburbs, Mumbai Set in Mumbai, 5 km from ISKCON, Radisson Mumbai Andheri MIDC offers accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, free private parking and a fitness centre. Mulky United Arab Emirates excellent property, clean and good staff Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 1,402 reviews Price from CAD 190 per night Check availability The Oberoi Mumbai 5 stars Hotel in South Mumbai, Mumbai Centrally located in Mumbai's business district, close to South Mumbai's shopping and entertainment areas, The Oberoi offers luxury and convenience with its outdoor heated pool, 24-hour spa, fitness... harsimran New Zealand excellent choices. good service , great taste and original flavors Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 1,667 reviews Price from CAD 276 per night Check availability President - IHCL SeleQtions 5 stars Hotel in South Mumbai, Mumbai Standing tall in the up-scale Cuffe Parade, the award-winning President Mumbai offers a swimming pool and pampering spa treatments. Victoria France Amazing hotel! The staff are extremely kind, professional, and available. The breakfast buffet is delicious with many options and live flute. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable. There is a spa and a salon, where the services and staff are great and the prices reasonable. The location is ideal - very safe, central and within walking distance to the main touristic sites of Mumbai. Highly recommend! Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 1,687 reviews Price from CAD 183 per night Check availability The Westin Mumbai Powai Lake 5 stars Hotel in Powai, Mumbai Located on the banks of Powai Lake, The Westin Mumbai Powai Lake, a Marriott Luxury & Lifestyle Hotel offers luxurious rooms. Vandana India Breakfast was excellent. All Veg and Nonveg Menu good.I like chickencurry. Location was too good.Pleasent experience. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 1,156 reviews Price from CAD 178 per night Check availability Hotel Sea Princess 5 stars Hotel in Juhu, Mumbai Located along the Juhu sea coast, Hotel Sea Princess offers rooms with a flat-screen TV. DHRUTI Kenya The rooms were clean, staff were friendly, and the morning breakfast was too good. Show more Show less 7.2 Good 774 reviews Price from CAD 130 per night Check availability Hotel Oriental Aster- Mumbai International Airport 4 stars Hotel in Western Suburbs, Mumbai Hotel Oriental Aster is located in the bustling Mumbai City, 3 km from Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport. Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas. Manish Canada It's a hotel with a comfortable stay, a very good breakfast, lunch and dinner. The food is really good. Staff is very helpful. k.k was very helpful and will always welcome us with a smile and take care of everything requested. Bar in the basement good service food and music . Overall, it's value for money. Nothing too fancy, but comfortable stay , and good location will be my go-to hotel whenever I am in Mumbai Show more Show less 7.7 Good 998 reviews Price from CAD 65 per night Check availability See all 388 hotels in Mumbai Most booked hotels in Mumbai in the past month See all Trident Nariman Point Hotel in Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 8.7 Fabulous · 4,092 reviews The Taj Mahal Tower, Mumbai Hotel in Colaba, Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 9.0 Superb · 4,915 reviews Trident Bandra Kurla Hotel in Bandra, Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 8.8 Fabulous · 3,617 reviews The Leela Mumbai Hotel in Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 8.6 Fabulous · 3,179 reviews Taj Lands End Hotel in Bandra, Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 8.6 Fabulous · 3,815 reviews JW Marriott Mumbai Sahar Airport Hotel in Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 8.6 Fabulous · 2,603 reviews ZARA GRAND HOTEL Hotel in Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 7.0 Good · 228 reviews Niranta Transit Hotel Terminal 2 Arrivals/Landside Hotel in Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 7.4 Good · 3,418 reviews Novotel Mumbai Juhu Beach Hotel in Juhu, Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 6.8 Pleasant · 2,296 reviews JW Marriott Mumbai Juhu Hotel in Juhu, Mumbai Popular with guests booking hotels in Mumbai 8.4 Very good · 1,703 reviews Mumbai's best hotels with breakfast See all Taj Santacruz Hotel in Mumbai Breakfast options Offering breath-taking views of the runway from the largest rooms in the city. Larger than expected rooms - was a pleasant surprise. Avg. price/night: CAD 325.53 8.8 Fabulous · 3,483 reviews JW Marriott Mumbai Sahar Airport Hotel in Mumbai Breakfast options Located 400 metres from Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport Mumbai and offering an outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre and a spa wellness centre, JW Marriott Mumbai Sahar is located in Andheri... Super Clean, Great Staff , Super Ambience, Yummy Food! Avg. price/night: CAD 287.23 8.6 Fabulous · 2,603 reviews The Westin Mumbai Garden City Hotel in Mumbai Breakfast options Placed in the heart of Mumbai’s suburban district, The Westin Mumbai Garden City offers a landscaped swimming pool, a fitness centre and 3 dining options. "breakfast", "room", and "dinner" Avg. price/night: CAD 325.53 8.6 Fabulous · 1,077 reviews ITC Grand Central, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Mumbai Hotel in Mumbai Breakfast options Located in Parel Mumbai, ITC Grand Central, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Mumbai features rooms and suites with city views. The concierge was helpful and helped me extend my stay Avg. price/night: CAD 296.80 8.6 Fabulous · 1,807 reviews ITC Maratha, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Mumbai Hotel in Mumbai Breakfast options Inspired by the majestic decor of the Maratha dynasty, ITC Maratha, Mumbai presents 5-star accommodation, an outdoor pool and pampering spa treatments. Very good selection of food and variety was amazing Avg. price/night: CAD 277.18 8.2 Very good · 3,183 reviews The St. Regis Mumbai Hotel in Worli, Mumbai Breakfast options With exquisitely styled and lavishly appointed accommodations, The St. Excellent location near the mall and high end hotel Avg. price/night: CAD 478.71 8.7 Fabulous · 1,583 reviews Trident Bandra Kurla Hotel in Bandra, Mumbai Breakfast options The 5-star Trident Bandra Kurla provides an outdoor swimming pool and full spa services. Concierge services and room service are available 24 hours. On-site parking is free. He manager and staff were superlative! Beautiful smiles! Avg. price/night: CAD 210.63 8.8 Fabulous · 3,617 reviews Grand Hyatt Mumbai Hotel and Residences Hotel in Santacruz, Mumbai Breakfast options Nestled amidst 10 acres of sprawling greenery, Grand Hyatt Mumbai is situated in the heart of the city. clean, great rooms, green water bottle initiatives Avg. price/night: CAD 268.08 8.2 Very good · 2,021 reviews Budget hotels in Mumbai See all Abode Bombay Hotel in Colaba, Mumbai Budget Hotel Offering a spa and wellness centre, Abode Bombay is located just 100 metres from the popular and iconic Gateway of India. Guests can approach the 24-hour front desk for assistance. Location, staff, clean and great café at the lobby. Avg. price/night: CAD 418.01 8.7 Fabulous · 1,044 reviews Empire Hotel - Grant Road Hotel in Mumbai Budget Hotel Empire Hotel is located in Mumbai. Free WiFi access is available. Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area. In the city center close to beach restaurants shopping Avg. price/night: CAD 74.04 8.1 Very good · 332 reviews Elphinstone Hotel Hotel in Mumbai Budget Hotel Situated just 500 metres away from the famous and bustling Crawford Market and 3.2 km away from Gateway of India, Elphinstone Hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and modern air-conditioned rooms. Staff molto simpatico e cordiale...Hotel pulito highly recommended!!! Avg. price/night: CAD 76.30 8.0 Very good · 372 reviews Hotel Bawa Suites Hotel in Khar, Mumbai Budget Hotel Hotel Bawa Suites offers spacious rooms and is located 4 km from Juhu Beach and 5.5 km from Bandra Kurla Complex. The Domestic & International Airport is 8 km away. Its clean, big rooms with a bar and affordable price Avg. price/night: CAD 167.55 8.2 Very good · 496 reviews Hotel Classio Andheri - Near DN Nagar Metro Station Hotel in Mumbai Budget Hotel Hotel Classio Andheri - Near DN Nagar Metro Station features air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen TV in the Andheri district of Mumbai. Very good location and friendly staff, good experience Avg. price/night: CAD 109.05 8.5 Very good · 26 reviews Hotel Sunshine Airport Hotel in Mumbai Budget Hotel Set in Mumbai, within 3.3 km of Phoenix Market City Mall and 6 km of Powai Lake, Hotel Sunshine Inn, Airport features accommodation with free WiFi. Good Restaurant. Nice neighborhood, very authentic. Avg. price/night: CAD 63.59 6.2 Pleasant · 1,185 reviews Hotel Bawa International Hotel in Mumbai Budget Hotel Hotel Bawa International Mumbai Airport is located close to Chhatrapati Shivaji Mumbai Airport Terminal 1 and Terminal 2 both at a distance of 5-12 minutes. the service level and cleanliness of rooms excellent Avg. price/night: CAD 148.40 7.2 Good · 1,100 reviews Apex Hotel Hotel in Mumbai Budget Hotel Located within 2.9 km of Phoenix Market City Mall and 5.6 km of Powai Lake, Apex Hotel provides rooms with air conditioning and a private bathroom in Mumbai. location food hospitality of front desk person Avg. price/night: CAD 41.78 5.0 Average · 109 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Mumbai See all Hotel Swamiraj Hotel in Mumbai Central location Situated in Mumbai, 6.2 km from Phoenix Market City Mall, Hotel Swamiraj features accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. 9.0 Superb · 1 review RELOhomes Serviced Apartment Hotel in Powai, Mumbai Central location Located in Mumbai, 2.6 km from Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, RELOhomes Serviced Apartment provides accommodation with a fitness centre, free private parking and a garden. it’s very clean, all the amenities are up to date! 9.0 Superb · 190 reviews FabHotel Royal Palace I Hotel in Mumbai Central location FabHotel Royal Palace I features air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen TV in the Andheri district of Mumbai. With free WiFi, this 3-star hotel offers room service and a 24-hour front desk. The lady attendant was especially nice and spoke good English. The mattress was a lot more comfortable than most other hotels. There was a desk in the room for me to do work on my computer. Avg. price/night: CAD 63.23 8.9 Fabulous · 7 reviews FabExpress Satellite Hotel in Mumbai Central location Offering free airport shuttle and shuttle service, Hotel Satellite is located within 1 km from the Domestic Airport and the Vile Parle Bus Station. Free WiFi access is available. The housekeeping boys have served me in a very good manner. And the lady who is the receptionist has also taken good care of me, the quality of breakfast was really good, hygenic an tasty food. Thanks team... Avg. price/night: CAD 60.82 8.8 Fabulous · 5 reviews HOTEL NEW VERTIGO SUITES Hotel in Mumbai Central location Located in Mumbai, within 2.3 km of Phoenix Market City Mall and 8.3 km of Dadar Railway Station, HOTEL NEW VERTIGO SUITES provides accommodation with a restaurant and free WiFi throughout the... Nice stay good hotel , specially if you are coming for visa interview it is near by US consulate . neat clean room ,good breakfast good service ,very helpful staff . one thing value for money i will give 10/10 Avg. price/night: CAD 50.89 8.5 Very good · 69 reviews Sofitel Mumbai BKC Hotel in Bandra, Mumbai Central location Situated in Bandra Kurla Complex Sofitel Mumbai BKC has easy access to north and south Mumbai through the Eastern & Western Express Highways and the Bandra-Worli Sea Link, as well as to both the... Excellent location, very clean and friendly staff. Avg. price/night: CAD 201.06 8.2 Very good · 2,958 reviews Fairfield by Marriott Mumbai International Airport Hotel in Mumbai Central location Set in Mumbai, 3.1 km from Phoenix Market City Mall, Fairfield by Marriott Mumbai International Airport offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a shared lounge and a... Thanks to Mr. RAVI..... He was quick to attend us. Avg. price/night: CAD 263.75 8.1 Very good · 871 reviews Hotel Ashray International, Sion Hotel in Mumbai Central location Hotel Ashray International is located in Mumbai and is just 200 metres from Sion Bus Station and Sion Railway Station. Very clean. Good service. Awesome bang for the buck Avg. price/night: CAD 72.70 8.1 Very good · 62 reviews FAQs about hotels in Mumbai How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Mumbai? On average, 3-star hotels in Mumbai cost CAD 78 per night, and 4-star hotels in Mumbai are CAD 128 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Mumbai can on average be found for CAD 275 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Mumbai for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Mumbai this weekend is CAD 61 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 212. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Mumbai for this weekend cost on average around CAD 445 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Mumbai for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 60 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Mumbai for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 182 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Mumbai will cost around CAD 426 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Mumbai are good for families? Many families visiting Mumbai loved staying at FabExpress Satellite, Hotel Naaz Executive and Aurika, Mumbai Skycity - Luxury by Lemon Tree Hotels. What are the best hotels in Mumbai near Marine Drive? Some of the best hotels in Mumbai near Marine Drive include The Ferreiras, InterContinental Marine Drive Mumbai, an IHG Hotel and The Oberoi Mumbai. What are the best hotels in Mumbai near Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport Mumbai? Travellers who stayed in Mumbai near Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport Mumbai (BOM) have said good things about JW Marriott Mumbai Sahar Airport, Fairfield by Marriott Mumbai International Airport and ITC Maratha, a Luxury Collection Hotel, Mumbai. What are the best hotels to stay in Mumbai? The Oberoi Mumbai, The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai and The Taj Mahal Tower, Mumbai are some of the popular hotels in Mumbai. What hotels in Mumbai offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Mumbai that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Hotel BKC NX, The Oberoi Mumbai and The St. Regis Mumbai. What hotels in Mumbai are good for couples? These hotels in Mumbai are highly rated by couples: Hotel Naaz Executive, The Oberoi Mumbai and Hotel BKC NX. What hotels in Mumbai have nice views? Hotel BKC NX, The Westin Mumbai Garden City and Taj Lands End have received great reviews from travellers in Mumbai regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Always Memorable in Mumbai Embark on an authentic Indian joyride into mad Mumbai’s chaotic streets with its revving rickshaws, bustling bazaars, timeless temples and colonial history. This melting pot of Indian culture features a mix of rich Bollywood wannabes and the city’s slum dwellers, all residing together in India’s most populous city. South Mumbai is a useful starting point with the symbolic Gateway of India in Colaba welcoming local Marathis and tourists alike. Opposite is the impressive Taj Mahal Palace & Tower Hotel. The Art Deco Regal Cinema underlines Mumbai’s colonial heritage. A top Indian curry comprises key ingredients and your Mumbai experience should also include a menu of fashion, film and nightlife. Leopold Café is a place to be seen and there are many other chic bars and clubs. You can do a Bollywood tour where you can even feature as an extra in a film! During the day, take a trip by ferry to the Elephanta Island with its caves and then spend the evening people watching on Chowpatty Beach in the south or Juhu Beach in the west. Booking.com has hotels in Adheri in the west, around the fort and train station in the south or nearby central Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, amongst many others. Learn more about visiting Mumbai 41 attractions 83 points of interest 24 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Mumbai City trip 6,929 reviews Boating 80 reviews Sightseeing 2,041 reviews Road trip 134 reviews Food trip 3,707 reviews Shopping 1,501 reviews What guests said about Mumbai: 4.0 Not what I expected in wedding shopping. Not what I expected in wedding shopping. It is expensive here. If you comparing to Delhi and Punjab prices you will be disappointed. People were nice. Traffic was calm and very little horn blowing. Felt safe. Taj Palace is amazing. Afternoon tea food was not great. Greasy and poor to be honest. H United Kingdom 8.0 Every one was cooperative , helpful and resourceful. Every one was cooperative , helpful and resourceful. City is always active and lively at any point of time. People are active and night shift also works which is convenient for Travellers who may be depending on facilities at odd times. It seems the city never sleeps. Prem 10 The hotel staff at the Taj were incredible however Ms... The hotel staff at the Taj were incredible however Ms Prerna Khare from the front desk was exceptionally professional and helpful making our stay at the Taj a memorable trip. A big thanks to her and the staff at the Taj PreRna India 10 Mumbai, formerly Bombay, city, capital of Maharashtra state,... Mumbai, formerly Bombay, city, capital of Maharashtra state, southwestern India. It is the countr… Located on Maharashtra’s coast, Mumbai is India’s most-populous city, and it is one of the largest and most densely populated urban areas in the world. It was built on a site of ancient settlement, and it took its name from the local goddess Mumba—a form of Parvati, the consort of Shiva, . Good city to visit with family. 8.0 Some nice sights, Gateway of India, Marine Drive and... Some nice sights, Gateway of India, Marine Drive and Chowpatty Beach. Chhatrapati Shivaji Museum, jehangir Art gallery was a really nice surprise. Nice to wander around. Found it hard to find nice coffee stops or even just places to buy a bottle of water, but other than that lovely. A bit of air pollution but not as bad as Delhi 10 During my brief three-day trip to Mumbai, I was captivated... During my brief three-day trip to Mumbai, I was captivated by the vibrant and dynamic atmosphere of the city. Exploring its numerous iconic tourist attractions, I was enthralled by the rich architectural heritage and cultural legacy that Mumbai has to offer. However, it wasn't all positive, as I couldn't ignore the city's issues with cleanliness and pollution, which at times detracted from the overall experience. Additionally, the weather, with its high levels of humidity and heat, proved challenging. Despite these drawbacks, my fascination with Mumbai's charm and cultural richness left a lasting impression on me. Shubham India Explore guest reviews of hotels in Mumbai See all Hotel Suba Palace Colaba, Mumbai From CAD 229.78 per night 8.2 Very good · 530 reviews The location was excellent, right near the Gateway to India, the Taj Hotel and all of the interesting sites in Southern Mumbai. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Water pressure was good. Hot water available 24 hours. The room was quiet enough, despite being near a busy, two-lane road. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Ask for money exchange. They called a gentleman who gave a good rate. Breakfast was OK: standard masala omelet and drinkable coffee, enough to line the stomach. gbmillion Thailand Trident Bandra Kurla Bandra, Mumbai From CAD 210.63 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 3,617 reviews Excellent staff customer service at Restaurant only., very friendly, more than a five star service! Very professional and kind. Very sharp. Only the Restaurant Staff, not the rest. Breakfast was superb, international, everyone has a choice, multiple selection 👌. Breakfast worths more that it was charged! Overall the hotel is clean, classic, quality finish, five star Standard. Located in a very good and uncongested like many areas in Mumbai. RADEGUNDA Tanzania Niranta Transit Hotel Terminal 2 Arrivals/Landside Mumbai From CAD 313.08 per night 7.4 Good · 3,418 reviews The hotel is right inside the airport building, so you don't even leave the airport premises. The best thing about this hotel is the staff and their eagerness to help and make you comfortable. We met one such dedicated staff member named "Saju" who went out of his call of duty to help my parents and my sister during their stay. This is very much appreciated. Harshad Netherlands Treebo Tryst Savera Inn Mumbai From CAD 124.05 per night 7.9 Good · 54 reviews Hotel is a bit hidden between large dormitory and office buildings. But therefore no traffic noise. Hotel is super equipped and very clean and well maintained. Neighnourhood is not the best, but very easy to explore the northern parts of Mumbai by Metro and reasonable easy to explore central and southern Mumbai (by Metro/Train). Joachim Netherlands Novotel Mumbai Juhu Beach Juhu, Mumbai From CAD 268.06 per night 6.8 Pleasant · 2,296 reviews The hotel rooms were clean and spacious. The staff were helpful and polite and attended to everyone request promptly. The hotel had good facilities and would definitely recommend it. The hotel is on the beach front, about 1hr drive to the gateway of india, but this isn't an issue as taxi's are cheap in Mumbai . Kamaljeet United Kingdom The Orchid Hotel Mumbai Vile Parle Mumbai From CAD 359.86 per night 7.5 Good · 3,372 reviews Best part about the hotel were the chefs at the restaurant names being Mihir and Lad .They throughout out my 3 night stay took care of everything. I would surely like to give them 10/10 for their service and hospitality. Rest,hotel is centrally located next to airport which was convenient. Arman India Waterstones Hotel Mumbai 7.0 Good · 406 reviews The interiors of the place are excellent. Gives the best vibe. The staff, room arrangements & everything else was top notch as well. Will definitely be recommending the hotel to friends & family. Thank you for the great service. Casandra India The Taj Mahal Tower, Mumbai Colaba, Mumbai From CAD 497.86 per night 9.0 Superb · 4,915 reviews Staffs are super helpful, great customer service, food I fell little bit low compared to other 5 star hotels. Rest all are a1 class. House keeping, front office, bell desk, room service. Kudos keep doing good work. T TANMOY Oman JW Marriott Mumbai Sahar Airport Mumbai From CAD 287.23 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 2,603 reviews +Proximity to the airport makes it an ideal pitstop if you have to stopover in Mumbai for a night between flights +Hotel Pick up and drop from the airport + Breakfast for $7 per night is also a good value Siddhartha United States Hotel Airside Mumbai From CAD 43.60 per night 5.8 Above average · 433 reviews Good part - staff behaviour..courteous and helpful and the location near airport. The present rates of food served is ok...with an average taste and variety...considering the location in central mumbai. manish India Hotel BKC NX Mumbai From CAD 63.61 per night 9.4 Superb · 135 reviews Our purpose was US consulate interview. Hotel BKC Annex was the best one at the walkable distance. Hotel stay was comfortable and soo much to explore. Perfect location at Mumbai. Luxury Hotel in BKC... Rupal India Sofitel Mumbai BKC Bandra, Mumbai From CAD 201.06 per night 8.2 Very good · 2,958 reviews One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in India. close to US consulate. easy access from Airport. Awesome ambience and spacious rooms. my kids liked the hotel. very good staff and quality service. Sudhakar Vakamullu India AVENUE MUMBAI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT Mumbai From CAD 54.51 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 16 reviews Lovely Hotel near to mumbai international airport, Easy to reach any place you want to visit, Very friendly staff, delicious breakfast with servings of freshly masala dhosa, sandwich, tea etc. Surendranath India The Orchid Hotel Mumbai Vile Parle Mumbai From CAD 359.86 per night 7.5 Good · 3,372 reviews In five star hotel in club room no water bottle Local water only. And food is so bakvas. Last day at 7:30 o'clock morning back was not ready.... Prakash Thakkar India Abode Bombay Colaba, Mumbai From CAD 418.01 per night 8.7 Fabulous · 1,044 reviews You don't need five stars with granite gold and marble the five star this hotel is the service friendliness location etc David Australia Taj Santacruz Mumbai From CAD 325.53 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 3,483 reviews Best room, best food and excellent hospitality, taj is the last name in comfort and luxury, my all time favourite 5 star Sandhya11 India Regent Hotel Andheri Mumbai 7.5 Good · 136 reviews Very feismdly and helpful staff. Cleaner then 5 star hotels ive been. Beat location city and airport eaay reachable. Binu India FabExpress Ascot International Andheri East Mumbai From CAD 70.53 per night 7.0 Good · 51 reviews Good and clean hotel , Airport is near also has gym facilities but on chargeable but you can enjoy the service Annu India Hotel Pacific by BeStays Mumbai From CAD 45.42 per night 7.8 Good · 498 reviews If you looking a hotel near airport in normal budget then this hotel is the best one. Patricia India Mirage Hotel Mumbai From CAD 210.16 per night 7.9 Good · 308 reviews Fine hotel, clean rooms, helpful staff, quite near airport. Good spot. Recommended. Garvin United States Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Bhimashankar Temple Search and compare hotels close to Bhimashankar Temple, a popular destination just outside Mumbai. Hotels near Murud Janjira Fort Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport Mumbai Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Car hire in Mumbai Hire a car and hit the road. Hostels in Mumbai More great accommodation options for your trip. Five-Star Hotels in Mumbai More great accommodation options for your trip. Serviced Apartments in Mumbai Explore more great accommodation options in Mumbai, starting with serviced apartments. Hotels in Lonavala Find more hotels in a city close to Lonavala. Hotels in Alibaug Find more hotels in a city close to Alibaug. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Mumbai Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|3,1847760,1846890,1870380,1866460,1833870,1847760|3,1871440,1870380|7