The 10 best hotels in Blackpool, Lancashire - Cheap Blackpool hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Blackpool Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Blackpool hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom Lancashire Blackpool Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Blackpool – 1,007 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Grand Hotel Blackpool 4 stars Hotel in North Shore, Blackpool Set on Blackpool's promenade, 1 mile from Blackpool Tower, The Grand Hotel Blackpool * 4 has an indoor pool and modern gym. Cristina Romania Great location, beautiful sea view, very clean room, elegant interiors, helpful staff Show more Show less 6.4 Review score 13,695 reviews Price from CAD 67 per night Check availability Liberty's Hotel Hotel in North Shore, Blackpool Situated in Blackpool, 1.7 km from Bispham Beach, Liberty's Hotel features accommodation with a terrace, private parking, a restaurant and a bar. Matthew Ireland The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Great value for money in a good location. Show more Show less 7.1 Good 2,557 reviews Price from CAD 68 per night Check availability Jesmond International Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Centre, Blackpool Just a 5-minute walk from the famous Blackpool Tower, Jesmond International Hotel is well-placed to access the sights of this famous seaside town. Free Wi-Fi is accessible in public areas. Anne Marie United Kingdom Amazing stay, wonderful people, we had a great time in the bar area we had children with us and they are very welcomed - Great staff thank you and we will be back Show more Show less 6.5 Review score 877 reviews Price from CAD 30 per night Check availability Royal Seabank Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Centre, Blackpool Ideally located in Blackpool’s Promenade, the Royal Seabank Hotel offers en suite accommodation, evening entertainment, a restaurant and a bar. Meal Deals are available on arrival at the hotel. Karl United Kingdom Great Place had a good time staff were friendly and helpful and got to say a big thank you to James the MANGER he gets 10 out 10 he is one top man.will be back in June .THANK YOU FOR A GREAT HOLIDAY. Show more Show less 7.5 Good 1,545 reviews Price from CAD 50 per night Check availability Balmoral Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Blackpool Centre, Blackpool You will find the Balmoral Hotel located in the best central position on the promenade. We love our panoramic views over the Irish Sea and in the evening, we’ve got the best sunsets. karen United Kingdom We've stayed in the Balmoral many times. It's been taken over by the Craig-y-Don next door and we could see changes, for the better. Its now a buffet breakfast which is fantastic. Something for everyone and plenty of it. Previously the breakfast was very basic, one sausage, one piece of bacon, one hash brown, one egg and either beans or tomato. There was bingo every night and entertainment. The entertainers we saw were great and got the audience involved. The staff were very friendly too Show more Show less 6.9 Review score 590 reviews Check availability UK Travel & Hospitality LTD TA Canberra Hotel 3 stars Hotel in South Shore, Blackpool Located in Blackpool, UK Travel & Hospitality LTD TA Canberra Hotel offers free WiFi in public areas, free parking, and a bar. Stellamaris Italy The staff are helpful. The breakfast is not bad either. Show more Show less 8.1 Very good 670 reviews Price from CAD 100 per night Check availability Coco Beach Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Blackpool Centre, Blackpool Coco Beach Hotel is a family-run property, located 150 metres from Blackpool Football Club and 300 metres from the sea front. Claire United Kingdom the staff were friendly and very helpful. the rooms were clean and anything we needed we was provided with. Show more Show less 4.3 Review score 401 reviews Check availability MyRoomz New Discovery Hotel 2 stars Hotel in Blackpool Centre, Blackpool MyRoomz New Discovery Hotel is located in Blackpool, just a 2-minute walk from the beach. Rooms here will provide you with a Freeview TV and tea/coffee making facilities. Hannah United Kingdom The owner was so lovely and helpful. Room was clean and it's a quiet spot yet still close to everything in town. Show more Show less 6.9 Review score 375 reviews Price from CAD 32 per night Check availability Canasta Hotel Hotel in North Shore, Blackpool Situated in Blackpool, less than 1 km from Bispham Beach, Canasta Hotel features accommodation with a shared lounge, private parking, a terrace and a bar. georgia United Kingdom The sea view from our room was amazing, was a lovely hotel with lovely staff. Thankyou for everything 😁 will definitely be returning xx Show more Show less 5.2 Review score 927 reviews Price from CAD 68 per night Check availability Sherwood Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Blackpool Centre, Blackpool Offering well-appointed rooms and a licensed bar, Sherwood Hotel is within 10 minutes’ walk of Blackpool’s Promenade and the Blackpool Tower. Stephen United Kingdom The room was spacious and spotless ..Our hosts were friendly and very welcoming .The breakfast was excellent and exceptional value for money.and the on sight parking was a great added bonus.Will certainly be returning Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 448 reviews Check availability See all 474 hotels in Blackpool Cheapest time to stay in Blackpool In January you can stay in Blackpool for an average price of CA$106 per night CA$196CA$157CA$117CA$78CA$39CA$0 CA$106 Jan CA$109 Feb CA$121 Mar CA$138 Apr CA$132 May CA$127 Jun CA$137 Jul CA$151 Aug CA$140 Sep CA$141 Oct CA$134 Nov CA$136 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Blackpool in the past month See all Norbreck Castle Hotel & Spa Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool Grand Hotel Blackpool Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool 6.4 Pleasant · 13,692 reviews Imperial Hotel Blackpool Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool 8.0 Very good · 8,372 reviews Hampton By Hilton Blackpool Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool 8.6 Fabulous · 4,688 reviews Forshaws Hotel - Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool 6.9 Pleasant · 2,734 reviews The Lawton Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool 7.8 Good · 3,183 reviews The Big Blue Hotel - Blackpool Pleasure Beach Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool 8.7 Fabulous · 3,959 reviews Calypso hotel Blackpool Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool 7.1 Good · 853 reviews Carousel Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool 8.3 Very good · 2,017 reviews Blackpool Football Club Stadium Hotel, a member of Radisson Individuals Hotel in Blackpool Popular with guests booking hotels in Blackpool 8.5 Very good · 5,011 reviews Blackpool's best hotels with breakfast See all Bradburys of Blackpool Hotel in Blackpool Breakfast options Conveniently set in the Blackpool Centre district of Blackpool, Bradburys of Blackpool is located 800 metres from Blackpool South Beach, 1.4 km from Blackpool North Beach and 300 metres from Coral... Brilliant location comfortable room staff brilliant breakfast very nice Avg. price/night: CAD 93.92 8.5 Very good · 993 reviews Alderley Hotel Blackpool Hotel in Blackpool Breakfast options Alderley Hotel Blackpool is on the South Shore of Blackpool, facing the Irish Sea and the Blackpool Beach and very close to Blackpool Pleasure Beach. Great location as we wanted to be based South pier 8.4 Very good · 741 reviews Maples Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Breakfast options Located on the main promenade of Blackpool’s famous seafront, The Maples Hotel is a family-orientated seaside hotel. Free limited parking is available at this property. Staff very welcoming on arrival , nice clean property Avg. price/night: CAD 145.15 8.6 Fabulous · 438 reviews Bromptons Hotel in Blackpool Breakfast options Boasting a shared lounge, a terrace as well as a bar, Bromptons is situated in the centre of Blackpool, 1.1 km from Blackpool South Beach. Very friendly and helpful. Spotless and comfortable. 8.8 Fabulous · 38 reviews Lyndene Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Breakfast options Featuring a seafront location on Blackpool's sea promenade, Lyndene Hotel offers a restaurant, free private parking, and free WiFi in all areas. Staff very accommodating, and responsive to requests Avg. price/night: CAD 92.36 7.6 Good · 6,928 reviews Comfort Inn Blackpool Gresham Hotel in Blackpool Breakfast options Comfort Inn Blackpool Gresham is just 10 minutes’ walk from Blackpool’s seafront, the Tower and Illuminations. Set 500 metres from the beach, this traditional hotel features a restaurant and a bar. I did like how clean it was and the staff were lovely Avg. price/night: CAD 60.53 7.6 Good · 1,579 reviews Bluewaters Hotel Blackpool Hotel in Blackpool Breakfast options On Blackpool's exclusive North Promenade, Free WiFi is featured throughout the property. Limited on-site parking is available, subject to surcharge. Very good for the price . Staff were friendly and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 92.98 7.2 Good · 2,419 reviews Forshaws Hotel - Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western Hotel in Blackpool Breakfast options Forshaws Hotel - Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western stands as a splendid Grade II listed building. It has a great location, opposite North Pier on the popular seafront. The room was clean and comfortable I liked the two chairs Avg. price/night: CAD 61.47 6.9 Pleasant · 2,734 reviews Budget hotels in Blackpool See all Imperial Hotel Blackpool Hotel in Blackpool Budget Hotel The Imperial Hotel Blackpool is in the quieter North Shore area. The North Pier is 1,000 yards away and there are trams to all the attractions. Blackpool North Rail Station is 900 yards away. Food, ambience,staff efficiency in fact everything Avg. price/night: CAD 107.58 8.0 Very good · 8,372 reviews Blackpool Resort Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Budget Hotel Set in Blackpool and with Blackpool South Beach reachable within 200 metres, Blackpool Resort Hotel offers concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. It was just the perfect location for what we needed. Avg. price/night: CAD 76.84 8.2 Very good · 396 reviews Riversvale Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Budget Hotel Situated in Blackpool and within 1.3 km of Bispham Beach, Riversvale Hotel has a terrace, non-smoking rooms, and free WiFi throughout the property. Lovely little room and wouid definitely stay again. Avg. price/night: CAD 109.29 8.2 Very good · 169 reviews Abbey Lodge Hotel in Blackpool Budget Hotel Abbey Lodge features a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Blackpool. This 4-star hotel offers a concierge service and luggage storage space. Location and the friendliness of the owners and staff Avg. price/night: CAD 136.61 8.2 Very good · 251 reviews Alexandra Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Budget Hotel Featuring a shared lounge, Alexandra Hotel is located in the centre of Blackpool, 300 metres from Blackpool South Beach. great location staff were brill and rooms were clean Avg. price/night: CAD 101.60 8.4 Very good · 336 reviews Westholme Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Budget Hotel Westholme Hotel is attractively situated in the centre of Blackpool, and features a shared lounge, free WiFi and a bar. Just an amazing night's sleep and a good breakfast 8.5 Very good · 317 reviews Hotel 33 Hotel in Blackpool Budget Hotel 2.2 km from Blackpool Central Beach, Hotel 33 is set in Blackpool and features free WiFi and express check-in and check-out. Great location beautiful modern room massive bathroom 8.8 Fabulous · 625 reviews The Honley hotel Hotel in Blackpool Budget Hotel Well set in the Blackpool Centre district of Blackpool, The Honley hotel is located 700 metres from Blackpool Central Beach, 1.3 km from Blackpool North Beach and 200 metres from Coral Island. Nice warm room comfy bed Lovely host. Very central to everything. Avg. price/night: CAD 119.53 8.5 Very good · 536 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Blackpool See all Raffles Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Central location Ideally located in the centre of Blackpool, Raffles Hotel offers free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. It was clean and very near to shops staff very friendly 9.6 Exceptional · 225 reviews Happy Return Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Central location Located just 3 minutes’ walk from Blackpool Promenade, the Happy Return Hotel offers bed and breakfast accommodation, a large bar with pool table and en suite rooms. Location was excellent and accommodation excellent 9.4 Superb · 465 reviews Sherwood Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Central location Offering well-appointed rooms and a licensed bar, Sherwood Hotel is within 10 minutes’ walk of Blackpool’s Promenade and the Blackpool Tower. Very friendly welcome on arrival. Good breakfast. 9.3 Superb · 448 reviews Adelaide Lodge - Town Centre - Opposite Winter Gardens Hotel in Blackpool Central location Featuring a shared lounge, a terrace as well as a bar, Adelaide Lodge - Town Centre - Opposite Winter Gardens is located in the centre of Blackpool, 1 km from Blackpool South Beach. Beautiful rooms, very clean, staff really friendly 9.2 Superb · 313 reviews The Trafford Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Central location Less than 10 minutes’ walk from Blackpool Tower, this guest accommodation features an on-site bar. Everything was fantastic . Fresh breakfast all hot 9.2 Superb · 885 reviews Springfield Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Central location A 12-minute walk from North Pier Blackpool, Springfield Hotel offers en suite rooms with Freeview TV and an on-site bar. Free Wi-Fi is available in most areas of the hotel. Location. Cleanliness. Room Decor and size of room 9.2 Superb · 261 reviews Legends Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Central location Conveniently situated in the North Shore area of Blackpool, the Legends Hotel offers free private parking. Very good breakfast ,excellent service ,nothing was a trouble 9.1 Superb · 620 reviews Ruskin Hotel Hotel in Blackpool Central location The Ruskin Hotel offers central accommodation in Blackpool, with free WiFi throughout the property, an on-site games room, on-site parking and shared lounge for guests. Everything was perfect.all staff were very helpful.0 Avg. price/night: CAD 120.22 9.0 Superb · 3,164 reviews FAQs about hotels in Blackpool How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Blackpool? On average, 3-star hotels in Blackpool cost CAD 140 per night, and 4-star hotels in Blackpool are CAD 177 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Blackpool can on average be found for CAD 312 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Blackpool for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Blackpool this weekend is CAD 122 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 177. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Blackpool for this weekend cost on average around CAD 244 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Blackpool for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 92 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Blackpool for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 159 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Blackpool will cost around CAD 186 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Blackpool are good for families? Many families visiting Blackpool loved staying at The Fossil Tree Hotel, Windsor Park promenade and The Scala Hotel. What are the best hotels in Blackpool near Blackpool Football Club? Some of the best hotels in Blackpool near Blackpool Football Club include Chadberry House Hotel, The Dudley Hotel and TIFFY'S PLACE Adult Guest House. What are the best hotels to stay in Blackpool? Ruskin Hotel, The Fossil Tree Hotel and The Dudley Hotel are some of the popular hotels in Blackpool. What hotels in Blackpool offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Blackpool that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Dudley Hotel, Raffles Hotel and McGraths Blackpool. What hotels in Blackpool are good for couples? These hotels in Blackpool are highly rated by couples: The Dudley Hotel, The Fossil Tree Hotel and Hilbre Hotel. What hotels in Blackpool have nice views? The Franklyn Hotel B&B, The Fossil Tree Hotel and Kings Boutique Hotel have received great reviews from travellers in Blackpool regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Beside the Seaside, Beside the Sea A favoured holiday spot since the Victorian era, Blackpool is a traditional English seaside town. Amusement arcades and crazy golf courses line the promenade and dotted between them are plenty of places to pick up fresh fish ‘n’ chips and Blackpool rock. On the 5-mile sandy beach, children can enjoy Punch and Judy shows and donkey rides. Old-fashioned entertainment at its best. At the other end of the scale is the Blackpool Pleasure Beach, a fairground complex comprising a variety of rides, including The Big One - once the world’s tallest and steepest rollercoaster. They actually had to get permission from nearby Blackpool Airport to erect it! More seaside pursuits are on the town’s 3 piers, one of which is Grade II listed. However, the most recognisable landmark is the Blackpool Tower which houses a circus, 4D cinema and a world-renowned ballroom, to name a few. Modelled on the Eiffel Tower, it is spectacularly lit during the annual Blackpool Illuminations, when the whole town is bathed in bright lights. The trams plying the prom are also lit. Look out for the one shaped like a ship. A popular stag and hen do destination, Blackpool offers accommodation ranging from North Shore hotels to South Shore B&Bs - see Booking.com for the best choice. Learn more about visiting Blackpool 3 attractions 18 points of interest 3 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Blackpool: 8.0 Blackpool is unique, those visiting should go with little... Blackpool is unique, those visiting should go with little expectation and open mind. It is a mix of past tradition and history with the Tower lounge dance events and illuminations, to the more modern shows, comedians which can be an acquired humour and bustling bars. Gemma United Kingdom 10 Loved the fabulous Grand Theatre and the superb stage show... Loved the fabulous Grand Theatre and the superb stage show La Bamba that we went to see. Our comfortable, centrally located apartment also added to the enjoyment of our weekend away at Blackpool. Great restaurants all nearby too, highly recommend Amaros Lesley United Kingdom 10 I love Blackpool, Blackpool Zoo is a must it’s the best zoo... I love Blackpool, Blackpool Zoo is a must it’s the best zoo we have ever been too. We also visited Madam Tussaud’s which was enjoyed by all. The area was clean and tidy and there was plenty to do for all ages. Ample parking and the tram makes travelling around so easy. Prices are fair as well. The beach was well maintained and clean, beautiful views and plenty of areas to sit and enjoy it. Illuminations are the same old ones from years ago but still a nice outing especially for kids. Blackpool by the sea was a nice touch but expensive but again most street markets are. There are plenty of places to stay ranging on what you want to pay. Vicky United Kingdom 10 Plenty to do especially for children and young people. Plenty to do especially for children and young people. Not our usual choice of place being elderly but we wanted a nostalgic trip to the illuminations which we got. Would have liked a bit longer to experience the Tower and a few other places. Julia United Kingdom 10 So much to see you could spend a whole day in just the tower... So much to see you could spend a whole day in just the tower ! There’s 3 piers loads of eating places and amusements there’s something for everyone whether it’s a family or a group of friends a weekend is ok but remember there’s loads to see so check the leaflets too you can spend as much or as little you want there’s so much there plus the beach and the trams and lights Greta United Kingdom 8.0 Blackpool is cheap and cheerful. Blackpool is cheap and cheerful. You visit to see the lights and tower etc. Loved visiting the tower ballroom on this occasion. Disappointing the tower isn’t open at this time of year. We were very lucky with the weather this time. Shame that the new trans have more or less replaced the old vintage ones which used to really add to the light show. I got the impression that the lights aren’t as good as they used to be but it has been many years since our last visit. A lot of empty looking hotels / premises which make the place look a bit dejected. Took the opportunity to look around local shopping centre which was very good. Struggled to find somewhere nice to eat in the evening, important to pre book everything g when visiting here. John United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Blackpool See all Forshaws Hotel - Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western Blackpool From CAD 61.47 per night 6.9 Pleasant · 2,734 reviews The hotel is perfectly located - right on the promenade near the north shore tram stop, a short walk from Blackpool North train station. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the bar & breakfast looked good although we didn't use those facilities. The room was clean & a decent size, and had a smart TV which enabled Netflix login and other apps which we thought was a nice touch. The shower was powerful, and the black out curtains really worked well. Scott United Kingdom Holmeleigh Hotel Blackpool 9.1 Superb · 438 reviews This hotel is wonderful, Wendy keeps a spotlessly clean hotel with parking, cosy rooms and a beautifully cooked breakfast each morning. Our family of 5 was welcomed by Wendy and felt cared for throughout our stay. The hotel is in a wonderful quiet location with Pleasure Beach and South Pier seconds away and a tram stop across street to help you venture Blackpool. Would highly recommend and will hopefully stay again. caroline United Kingdom Lindum Hotel Blackpool 9.4 Superb · 172 reviews I'd definitely recommend The Lindum Hotel in Blackpool for being very reasonably priced, in a great location close to The Tower, The Wintergardens and the seafront, and most of all it was spotless clean. Really nice twin room and clean modern bathroom. Also breakfast was excellent, freshly cooked each morning. Kay and Gerard are very friendly hosts and I would stay here again. Niamh Ireland The Highfield Private Hotel Blackpool 9.4 Superb · 517 reviews The owner's of this Hotel are extremely charming making you feel most welcomed on arrival. Lovely on-suite room provided and with out a doubt the best Breakfast I've had in years. The hotel is conveniently located near the seafront close to local Tran and Bus services. This is now my first choice of hotel in Blackpool. A big thank you too the owner's at Highfield, best wishes 😁 Darren Aitken United Kingdom Starlux Hotel Blackpool 5.4 Average · 1,010 reviews Amazing location. Staff treating guests like family. Been to Blackpool many many many times in my life and stayed in quite a lot of hotels in and around Blackpool. Has to be one of the best. Amazing staff. Really amazing feel to the place. My partner loved it. Fantastic location and for such a very fair price. 100 percent booking this hotel again on my next trip to Blackpool. Logan United Kingdom Kings Boutique Hotel Blackpool 9.5 Exceptional · 238 reviews The host were amazing by far the best hotel we stayed in Blackpool. Lovely room lovely hotel great sleep. Breakfast was out of this world. Really nice bar nice place and all round amazing people felt like we stayed with family. Will.definitely be back. Fiona and Eamonn were like staying with my Aunty and Uncle highlight of my trip to Blackpool. Can't reccomend enough. Singh United Kingdom The Laurels Blackpool From CAD 68.30 per night 8.4 Very good · 144 reviews A great small hotel in an ideal location on Reads Avenue. This is only a few minutes walk to central pier and coral island and the town centre. The room was clean and comfortable with an ensuite bathroom. The owner was great, friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend for a budget stay in Blackpool. Easydude United Kingdom KM Central Pier Blackpool From CAD 49.52 per night 4.7 Disappointing · 330 reviews I stayed here while I worked in Blackpool. The staff are really friendly, and the room was excellent and very warm. The hotel is in a great location close the ardwick pub which is only £1.80 a pint. I will definitely be staying here again - it’s a two thumbs up from me. Christian United Kingdom Imperial Hotel Blackpool Blackpool From CAD 107.58 per night 8.0 Very good · 8,372 reviews I have been coming to Blackpool for the dancing for years always staying at the Imperial and I always will. I love the Imperial and will be loyal to this hotel. Whenever I am in Blackpool I will be staying in the Imperial! Amazing staff looking after me. Thank you ! Christa United Kingdom Las Palmas Hotel by the Sea Blackpool 7.1 Good · 1,483 reviews Very friendly owner who did everything she could to help our family of 5 and small dog, very clean family room with double bed & bunk bed for the kids. For a couple of days stay in Blackpool that accommodates dogs on the seafront this hotel is perfect. Chris United Kingdom Bluewaters Hotel Blackpool Blackpool From CAD 92.98 per night 7.2 Good · 2,419 reviews A great family hotel.Good location. Access to swimming pool. All in all a great place to base yourself in Blackpool plus it's a 10 minute walk from Blackpool North train station. Ideal for the night to check out the illuminations. Gary25473 United Kingdom TIFFY'S PLACE Adult Guest House Blackpool 9.8 Exceptional · 172 reviews Absolutely beautiful best place I've stayed in blackpool, tiffany was also so lovley and hotel smelt amazing superb clean we stayed in the james deluxe suite definitely will be going back never felt so comfortable and welcome R Rebecca United Kingdom Lyndene Hotel Blackpool From CAD 92.36 per night 7.6 Good · 6,928 reviews Location was perfect for coming out the hotel to either go left to the pleasure beach/sandcastle walking distance or right for Blackpool tower and shops. Very happy with parking being available at a good value price G Gary United Kingdom PONDEROSA Blackpool 9.8 Exceptional · 220 reviews Fabulous place to stay while in Blackpool Julie & Billy were excellent hosts The location was central but quiet, & with parking The room was so comfortable & breakfast was too notch Irene United Kingdom Ruskin Hotel Blackpool From CAD 120.22 per night 9.0 Superb · 3,164 reviews We were all inclusive food at each meal was excellent location of the hotel was perfect for exploring Blackpool. Staff were very friendly and welcoming. Overall an excellent stay. Heidi United Kingdom Seafront419 By Seafront Collection Blackpool 7.9 Good · 1,938 reviews Hotel right on the seafront, with parking,which wasn't too expensive. Hotel has been refurbished since the last time we stayed there. More modern. roy United Kingdom The New Apollo Hotel Blackpool From CAD 51.23 per night 7.5 Good · 317 reviews We stayed in the family suite. Great hotel. Perfect location. Very clean, comfortable and warm. Best hotel we’ve stayed in at Blackpool Zoe Raymond United Kingdom The Sandringham Court Hotel & Sports Bar-Groups Welcome here-High Speed Wi-Fi Blackpool 8.3 Very good · 2,798 reviews The hotel was one of the best I've stayed in blackpool. It's everything we needed for our stay. We'll definitely be back Paton United Kingdom Forshaws Hotel - Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western Blackpool From CAD 61.47 per night 6.9 Pleasant · 2,734 reviews Very pleasant hotel great location 5 mins walk from Blackpool North station right on the seafront...Very pleasant staff Paul United Kingdom Leecliff Guest House Blackpool 8.7 Fabulous · 339 reviews Best hotel we have stayed at in Blackpool Clean, modern , excellent owners Andrew United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip When to visit the United Kingdom Events, prices, the weather – everything you need to know about the best time to visit the United Kingdom. Hotels near Anfield Stadium Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near M&S Bank Arena Liverpool Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Car hire in Blackpool Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels in North Shore Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Blackpool Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Visit Blackpool From attractions to accommodation, everything you need to know about staying in the city. Hotels near Blackpool Winter Gardens Theatre Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Hotels near Blackpool North Train Station Perfect for local transport links. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Blackpool Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1866460,1870380|7,1846890,1847760,1871440,1870380,1870380|3,1847760|3