The Best Ibiza Hotels – Where To Stay on and around Ibiza, Spain Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels on Ibiza, Spain Enter your dates and choose from 972 hotels and other places to stay Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Spain Ibiza Check out these popular cities on Ibiza San Antonio 172 hotels Playa d'en Bossa 36 hotels Ibiza Town 240 hotels San Antonio Bay 65 hotels Santa Eularia des Riu 184 hotels Talamanca 25 hotels Portinatx 19 hotels Es Cana 43 hotels Puerto de San Miguel 8 hotels Cala Tarida 32 hotels Cala Llonga 29 hotels Santa Gertrudis de Fruitera 34 hotels Stay in Ibiza's best hotels! Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Hostal Rosell Boutique 1 stars Hotel in San Antonio Boasting a bar, Hostal Rosell Boutique is situated in San Antonio in the Ibiza region, 500 metres from San Antonio Beach and less than 1 km from Calo des Moro Beach. We only had one night to check out the San Antonio side of the island. I wouldn't recommend it over the old town area but Hostal Rosell was a wonderful stay for the price. Super clean like new. Kind and helpful staff and a short walk to the main attractions. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,625 reviews Price from CAD 80 per night Check availability OKU Ibiza 5 stars Hotel in San Antonio OKU Ibiza features a restaurant, fitness centre, a bar and garden in San Antonio. Featuring a terrace, the 5-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Its very beautiful, new, nice people. Very good breakfast. Live music in the morning’s having breakfast. Valet parking. Nice staf. Clean. Location is good, few nice places very close to the hotel. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,989 reviews Check availability One Ibiza Suites 5 stars Hotel in Ibiza Town Set in Ibiza Town, 20 metres from a sandy beach, One Ibiza Suites boasts a seasonal outdoor pool and a sun terrace. Stylish hotel, clean, good service, great food. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,235 reviews Check availability Lux Isla 3 stars Hotel in Talamanca Set in the picturesque bay of Talamanca, the Hotel Luxisla is 100 metres from the beach. All spacious rooms feature air conditioning and satellite TV. Most rooms also have a balcony. Worth every euro. good location good stuff really nice rooms. compact and exact for ur needs for few days. Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,811 reviews Price from CAD 101 per night Check availability Hotel Gran Sol 3 stars Hotel in San Antonio Set 100 metres from Caló d’es Moro Beach in San Antonio, the Gran Sol Hotel has a large swimming pool with a sun terrace and snack bar. Very nice people at the reception, nice breakfast Show more Show less 9 Superb 1,908 reviews Check availability Cala San Miguel The Club 5 stars Hotel in Puerto de San Miguel Facing the beachfront, Cala San Miguel The Club offers 5-star accommodation in Puerto de San Miguel and features a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre and garden. The property is new, and the facilities are stunning! Big comfortable rooms, really nice soap and shower gels provided. Show more Show less 9 Superb 798 reviews Check availability Hotel Boutique & Spa Las Mimosas Ibiza 4 stars Hotel in San Antonio Bay Featuring a garden, Hotel Boutique & Spa Las Mimosas Ibiza is set in San Antonio Bay. It offers an outdoor pool, spa at an extra cost and free WiFi. At the hotel the rooms have a terrace. Amazing boutique hotel, very chilled. Spacious and clean rooms, pool area was fab not too busy. All the staff were lovely and the restaurant had really good food for dinner, breakfast was also great. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 173 reviews Check availability Catalonia Royal Ses Estaques-Adults Only 4 stars Hotel in Santa Eularia des Riu Offering beautiful sea views, views over Ibiza Port and the island of Formentera, Catalonia Royal Ses Estaques-Adults Only is a beachfront hotel in Santa Eularia des Riu in the Ibiza Region. The staff was the best!! My friend got really sick and they were extremely accommodating and nice. Every single person in the hotel was delightful. The views were amazing, the beds massive and the shower fantastic! Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 835 reviews Check availability Hostal La Cigüeña Hotel in Portinatx Set on the beachfront in Portinatx, Hostal La Cigüeña features an outdoor pool, gym, and air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi. Beds super comfy , so close to the beach , nice pool , aircon , breakfast was awesome , bar downstairs always a good spot to chill Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 254 reviews Check availability Can Quince de Balafia - Turismo de Interior Hotel in Sant Llorenç de Balafia Offering private terraces and beautifull flowery garden with heated pool, Can Quince is located in a fortified hamlet, in Sant LlorenÃ§ de Balafia. Free Wi-Fi is available throughout. The owner was friendly, the place was clean and very comfortable Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 203 reviews Price from CAD 176 per night Check availability See all 1,300 hotels on Ibiza Hotels with extra health and safety measures Find hotels in Ibiza with added hygiene measures plus high cleanliness ratings Safety features Physical distancing Cleanliness & disinfecting Food & drink safety Hotel Gran Sol 3 stars Hotel in San Antonio 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.3 Lux Isla 3 stars Hotel in Talamanca 22 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Ca Na Xica - Hotel & Spa 5 stars Hotel in Sant Miquel de Balansat 17 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Hotel Boutique Ses Pitreras 4 stars Hotel in Port des Torrent 18 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 Petunia Ibiza, a Beaumier hotel 4 stars Hotel in Cala Vadella 14 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 Can Quince de Balafia - Turismo de Interior Hotel in Sant Llorenç de Balafia 13 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.7 One Ibiza Suites 5 stars Hotel in Ibiza Town 22 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Catalonia Royal Ses Estaques-Adults Only 4 stars Hotel in Santa Eularia des Riu 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.6 OKU Ibiza 5 stars Hotel in San Antonio 21 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.4 Hostal Rosell Boutique 1 stars Hotel in San Antonio 16 health & hygiene measures Show details Cleanliness rating: 9.5 See all Most booked hotels on Ibiza in the past month See all Hotel Florencio Ibiza 2 stars Hotel in San Antonio Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 8.0 Very good 2,564 reviews Lux Isla 3 stars Hotel in Talamanca Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 9.0 Superb 1,811 reviews Hotel Vibra Marítimo 3 stars Hotel in Ibiza Town Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 7.2 Good 2,852 reviews Ocean Drive Ibiza 4 stars Hotel in Ibiza Town Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 8.2 Very good 172 reviews THB Los Molinos Adults Only 4 stars Hotel in Ibiza Town Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 8.3 Very good 2,697 reviews El Hotel Pacha 4 stars Hotel in Ibiza Town Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 9.0 Superb 603 reviews Play Hotel Ibiza - Adults Only 1 stars Hotel in Ibiza Town Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 8.3 Very good 1,770 reviews Catalonia Royal Ses Estaques-Adults Only 4 stars Hotel in Santa Eularia des Riu Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 9.3 Superb 835 reviews Eurostars Ibiza 4 stars Hotel in Ibiza Town Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 8.6 Fabulous 789 reviews OM Hotels Hotel in Sant Francesc de s'Estany Popular with guests booking hotels on Ibiza 7.8 Good 2,132 reviews Ibiza's best hotels with breakfast See all Montesol Experimental Ibiza Hotel in Ibiza City Centre, Ibiza Town Breakfast options Montesol Experimental Ibiza is located in the heart of the historic centre of Ibiza. Super cute and convenient. Perfect for someone who wants to be right in the middle of Ibiza town Show more Show less From CAD 287 per night 8.5 Very good 604 reviews OM Hotels Hotel in Sant Francesc de s'Estany Breakfast options Set in Sant Francesc de s'Estany, 70 metres from Es Codolar Beach, OM Hotels offers accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a shared lounge and a bar. lovely staff great atmosphere Show more Show less From CAD 84 per night 7.9 Good 2,132 reviews Hotel Vibra Marítimo Hotel in Ibiza City Centre, Ibiza Town Breakfast options Set on the seafront near Ibiza Town, Hotel Vibra Marítimo is 300 metres from Figueretas Beach. It offers a gym and indoor pool, and all rooms include a private terrace and free WiFi. The restaurant facing the beach Show more Show less From CAD 97 per night 7.2 Good 2,852 reviews Hotel Puchet Hotel in San Antonio Breakfast options Hotel Puchet is in a quiet area of Sant Antoni de Portmany, 600 metres from Es Pouet Beach. It offers free WiFi and a large outdoor swimming pool open from May to October. Everything Perfect location Perfect staff Perfect pool area Show more Show less From CAD 118 per night 7.8 Good 573 reviews Hotel Royal Plaza Hotel in Ibiza City Centre, Ibiza Town Breakfast options Royal Plaza has an ideal setting just 200 metres from Ibiza Town’s harbour. It features a spa and a rooftop swimming pool with views of the city, the cathedral, and the Mediterranean Sea. Super clean, friendly and extremely comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 123 per night 7.6 Good 989 reviews OKU Ibiza Hotel in San Antonio Breakfast options OKU Ibiza features a restaurant, fitness centre, a bar and garden in San Antonio. Featuring a terrace, the 5-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Its very beautiful, new, nice people. Very good breakfast. Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 1,989 reviews One Ibiza Suites Hotel in Ibiza Town Breakfast options Set in Ibiza Town, 20 metres from a sandy beach, One Ibiza Suites boasts a seasonal outdoor pool and a sun terrace. Stylish hotel, clean, good service, great food. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 1,235 reviews Lux Isla Hotel in Talamanca Breakfast options Set in the picturesque bay of Talamanca, the Hotel Luxisla is 100 metres from the beach. All spacious rooms feature air conditioning and satellite TV. Most rooms also have a balcony. Worth every euro. good location good stuff really nice rooms. Show more Show less From CAD 101 per night 9.0 Superb 1,811 reviews Budget hotels on Ibiza See all Hotel Gran Sol Hotel in San Antonio Budget Hotel Set 100 metres from Caló d’es Moro Beach in San Antonio, the Gran Sol Hotel has a large swimming pool with a sun terrace and snack bar. Very nice people at the reception, nice breakfast Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 1,908 reviews Cala San Miguel The Club Hotel in Puerto de San Miguel Budget Hotel Facing the beachfront, Cala San Miguel The Club offers 5-star accommodation in Puerto de San Miguel and features a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, fitness centre and garden. The property is new, and the facilities are stunning! Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 798 reviews Hotel Boutique & Spa Las Mimosas Ibiza Hotel in San Antonio Bay Budget Hotel Featuring a garden, Hotel Boutique & Spa Las Mimosas Ibiza is set in San Antonio Bay. It offers an outdoor pool, spa at an extra cost and free WiFi. At the hotel the rooms have a terrace. Amazing boutique hotel, very chilled. Spacious and clean rooms, pool area was fab not too busy. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 173 reviews Catalonia Royal Ses Estaques-Adults Only Hotel in Santa Eularia des Riu Budget Hotel Offering beautiful sea views, views over Ibiza Port and the island of Formentera, Catalonia Royal Ses Estaques-Adults Only is a beachfront hotel in Santa Eularia des Riu in the Ibiza Region. The staff was the best!! My friend got really sick and they were extremely accommodating and nice. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 835 reviews Hostal La Cigüeña Hotel in Portinatx Budget Hotel Set on the beachfront in Portinatx, Hostal La Cigüeña features an outdoor pool, gym, and air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi. Beds super comfy , so close to the beach , nice pool , aircon , breakfast was awesome , bar... Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 254 reviews Petunia Ibiza, a Beaumier hotel Hotel in Cala Vadella Budget Hotel Offering a shared swimming pool and garden, Petunia Ibiza, a Beaumier hotel is located in Cala Carbó, 550 metres from the beach. The property offers accommodation with air conditioning and free WiFi. Lovely hotel - beautiful views, great food and friendly staff. A perfect weekend retreat Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 445 reviews Ibizazen Hotel in Santa Eularia des Riu Budget Hotel Set on a refurbished 18th-century farmhouse, Ibizazen offers an outdoor swimming pool and air-conditioned rooms with garden or pool views. A free private parking is available on site. We just Loved Everything about the place. The people, the location, the pool, the garden. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 166 reviews Hotel Boutique Ses Pitreras Hotel in Port des Torrent Budget Hotel This stylish and exclusive small hotel is located in Sant Agustí, only 200 metres from the beach. It offers an outdoor pool, a restaurant, a spa and free Wi-Fi throughout. The service of everybody was just outstanding. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 158 reviews Hotels on Ibiza that you can book without a credit card See all Pikes Ibiza Hotel in San Antonio No credit card needed Pikes is an iconic Ibizan institution, steeped in rock ‘n’ roll history and brimming with personality. great atmosphere and excellent staff Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 132 reviews Hotel La Torre del Canonigo - Small Luxury Hotels Hotel in Ibiza City Centre, Ibiza Town No credit card needed Located on Ibiza Town’s Dalt Vila Hill, this property offers fantastic views of the sea, port and town. It offers late breakfast and air-conditioned rooms. loved location, facilities, room, view, the professional and friendly staff were amazing. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 688 reviews Ca Na Xica - Hotel & Spa Hotel in Sant Miquel de Balansat No credit card needed Ca Na Xica is a former country estate converted into a luxurious hotel. Offering beautiful views and a swimming pool, its spacious, stylish suites all have private terraces or balconies. A beautiful relaxing oasis in the countryside. Show more Show less 9.4 Superb 248 reviews La Bohemia del Rio Hostal Boutique-Adults Only Hotel in Santa Eularia des Riu No credit card needed La Bohemia del rio Hosta is a 3-minute walk from Santa Eulalia des Riu’s seafront promenade, on Ibiza’s east coast. It offers stylish rooms and an attractive garden with a pool. The hotel is located right next to the beach and the town centre wich is very convenient But once... Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 442 reviews Hotel Riomar, Ibiza, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel Hotel in Santa Eularia des Riu No credit card needed Hotel Riomar, Ibiza, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel Marriott International has a restaurant, outdoor swimming pool with sea views and direct access to the beach, a bar and shared lounge in Santa Eularia... Location right by the sea was wonderful. Beds were super comfy and view out to sea breathtaking. Show more Show less 9.0 Superb 516 reviews Can Jaume by Ocean Drive Hotel in Ibiza Town No credit card needed Set on the edge of the small village of de'n Puig Valls, Can Jaume provides a tranquil setting, surrounded by orange groves. Outstanding breakfast, incredibly friendly and helpful staff, beautiful property. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 290 reviews The Purple Hotel - Adults Only Hotel in San Antonio No credit card needed The Purple Hotel - Gay Super Friendly boasts an outdoor pool and sun terrace in Sant Antoni De Portmany. Cafe del Mar, Mambo, Savannah and Coastline Cafe are 7 minutes' walk away. Perfect stay! We were here for the 2nd time. Over and over again super! Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 338 reviews El Somni Ibiza Dream Hotel by Grupotel Hotel in Sant Joan de Labritja No credit card needed Look out over the golden sands and clear waters of San Vicente Beach from this hotel. It is surrounded by some of the natural scenery on the island of Ibiza. Absolutely everything, we have been in Europe for 5 weeks and El Somni remains the highlight of our... Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 806 reviews Ibiza highlights Sunsets at Torre del Pirata This free-standing medieval tower is the perfect setting to enjoy Mediterranean sunsets over the rocky outcrop of Es Vedrà Island. Es Vedrà and Es Vedranell Islands Es Vedrà and Es Vedranell Islands are a great spot for diving and snorkelling, with an abundance of colourful wildlife. Atlantis This trail winds between natural pools, impressive rock formations and by an enormous rock painting of the Hindu goddess Shiva. Benirras Beach Enjoy beautiful sunsets on Benirrás Beach, accompanied by the group percussion of alternative-style beach parties every Sunday during summer. Punta Galera This rocky promontory is made up of flat strata of stone, ideal to stretch out and take in the sun. Beach Club Chirincana Located near Punta Arabi's hippy market, this inviting beach bar offers live music, juggling and good vibes. Las Dalias Hippy Market This bustling hippy market is an explosion of colour, with clothes, jewellery and leather products all on offer. Aquarium Cap Blanc This unique aquarium is set in a natural cave, and during summer its terrace hosts a weekly sardine grill. Can Marça Caves This ancient cave, used by smugglers in the 18th Century, features impressive rock formations and 2 coastal viewing platforms. Sant Carles Church See groups of locals connecting with their roots by donning traditional dress and folk dancing at Sant Carles Church. FAQs about hotels on Ibiza How much is a hotel on Ibiza for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel on Ibiza this weekend is CAD 151 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 206. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels on Ibiza for this weekend cost on average around CAD 527 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How many hotels on Ibiza are listed on Booking.com? There are 1,641 hotels on Ibiza you can book on Booking.com. What hotels on Ibiza have nice views? Petunia Ibiza, a Beaumier hotel, Finca Legado Ibiza and Can Jaume Private Villas by Ocean Drive have received great reviews from travellers on Ibiza regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Guests staying on Ibiza also spoke highly of the views from the rooms at The Signature Level at TRS Ibiza Hotel All Inclusive Adults Only, Pikes Ibiza and Ca Na Xica - Hotel & Spa. What are the best hotels on Ibiza near Ushuaia Ibiza? Some of the best hotels on Ibiza near Ushuaia Ibiza include Ibiza Sun Apartments, Hard Rock Hotel Ibiza and Migjorn Ibiza Suites & Spa. How much does it cost to stay in a hotel on Ibiza? On average, 3-star hotels on Ibiza cost CAD 202 per night, and 4-star hotels on Ibiza are CAD 290 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel on Ibiza can on average be found for CAD 615 per night (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels on Ibiza are good for families? Many families visiting Ibiza loved staying at Agroturismo Can Pardal, Sa Vinya d'en Palerm and Can Jaume Private Villas by Ocean Drive. Similarly, Can Quince de Balafia - Turismo de Interior, Finca Legado Ibiza and Ibizazen are also popular among family travellers. What hotels on Ibiza offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels on Ibiza that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Can Jaume Private Villas by Ocean Drive, Finca Legado Ibiza and TRS Ibiza Hotel -All Inclusive Adults Only. Breakfast at these hotels on Ibiza are also highly rated: Can Jaume by Ocean Drive, Boutique Hotel Jardines de Palerm and Invisa Hotel Club Cala Verde. What are the best cities to stay on Ibiza? Ibiza Town, San Antonio and Sant Francesc de s'Estany are popular with other travellers visiting Ibiza. What are some popular places to stay on Ibiza? Popular places to stay on Ibiza include hotels near Ocean Beach Ibiza, Ushuaia Ibiza and Hard Rock Cafe Ibiza. What are the best hotels to stay on Ibiza? Hostal Rosell Boutique, One Ibiza Suites and OKU Ibiza are some of the popular hotels on Ibiza. In addition to these hotels, Lux Isla, Hotel Gran Sol and Can Quince de Balafia - Turismo de Interior are also popular on Ibiza. How much is a hotel on Ibiza for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 118 per night to book a 3-star hotel on Ibiza for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 151 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel on Ibiza will cost around CAD 506 (based on Booking.com prices). What hotels on Ibiza are good for couples? Couples travelling on Ibiza loved staying at Agroturismo Can Pardal, Can Quince de Balafia - Turismo de Interior and Sa Vinya d'en Palerm. Similarly, these hotels on Ibiza are highly rated by couples: Finca Legado Ibiza, The Giri Residence and Ca Na Xica - Hotel & Spa. An island of surprises Even though it's famous for fantastic clubbing, Ibiza is so much more and makes a surprisingly good family destination. Booking.com’s range of apartments, B&Bs and hotels in Ibiza cover all kinds of holiday. The main nightlife is centred around San Antonio, where superclubs Es Paradis and Eden only kick off after midnight. Playa d’en Bossa also has amazing clubs including Space which attracts big-name DJs year after year. Nearby Ibiza Town (or Eivissa) is the island’s capital, and although it has its fair share of bars and restaurants, the feel is more laidback. The cobbled streets in its walled Old Town, overlooking the Mediterranean Sea, offer a spot of shade from the Spanish sun. Along the coast is Santa Eulalia del Rio, an altogether more exclusive resort whose marina is lined with expensive yachts. However, the best family hotels in Ibiza are in northern resorts like Portinatx and Port de San Miguel. Here crystal-clear waters lap sandy beaches hidden in rocky coves. The scenery is simply stunning and the vibe couldn’t be more different to down south. Inland Ibiza still retains much of its original character. Hiring a bike is a great way to explore sleepy villages like Santa Agnès and San Rafael, though be warned – some of the terrain can be tricky!. Explore guest reviews of hotels on Ibiza See all Hotel Royal Plaza Hotel in Ibiza Town From CAD 123 per night 7.6 Good 989 reviews It's a lovely hotel with a lovely roof top and bar/restaurant but didn't try the food so can't comment on that. It's a quick taxi to the Hi Ibiza if that is your buzz (€20 with the tip added if you're going there) but after being at such a club, it's a lovely place to chill back too. Also close to supermarkets, restaurants/bars and the marina. Lovely place and close to all you need. Can't say I spent enough time there to really make the most of it but overall, I'd definitely recommend. Show more Show less Yann Ireland Ushuaia Ibiza Beach Hotel - Adults Only Hotel in Playa d'en Bossa 8.1 Very good 2,257 reviews My one-night stay at Hotel Ushuaia Ibiza was an absolute blast! The room's modern comforts provided the perfect retreat amidst the party vibes. The electrifying energy of the DJ sets and dance floor was contagious, and the quick access to my room allowed me to recharge effortlessly. The staff's professionalism and prime beachfront location added to the exceptional experience. For an unforgettable night of luxury and non-stop partying, Hotel Ushuaia Ibiza is unbeatable. I can't wait to do it all over again! Show more Show less Ilai Israel Ibiza Corso Hotel & Spa Hotel in Ibiza Town 8.4 Very good 3,045 reviews Had a fantastic view from our balcony over the marina towards the old town. Hotel location is great for hopping on the City Boat into Ibiza Town to explore and have a meal/shop. and to catch the ferry to Formentera, etc. Plenty of choice at breakfast. Room was clean with a great shower and beds were comfortable. Had a couple of meals at the hotel and both were excellent. Staff were friendly and helpful. Excellent cocktails from the pool bar! Show more Show less Elise Guernsey Ocean Drive Ibiza Hotel in Ibiza Town From CAD 132 per night 8.2 Very good 172 reviews Hotel was value for money quality. Excellent fabric throughout with first class breakfast and fifth floor Sky Bar which offered panoramic view of the marina, harbour and Ibiza Old Town. Staff were excellent in all areas. Location superb for us as was away from the town but only half hour walk of 10-minute ferry from the town, plus being five minute walk from popular Talamanca Beach. Adjacent to the picturesque marina, with bars and restaurants. Show more Show less David United Kingdom Boutique Hostal La Curandera de Salinas Hotel in Ibiza Town From CAD 161 per night 8.9 Fabulous 372 reviews This is a unique property out of the way of the "action" on Ibiza. The general vibe here is very "new agey"---- a bit like you had taken the '60s and mapped them into the 21st Century. This ain't no chain hotel. The atmosphere here is also very "homey"--- as if you were visiting cousins you hadn't seen for a while. The service is very good, the food is also very good. We would be happy to return. Show more Show less Joseph United States Palladium Hotel Cala Llonga - Adults Only Hotel in Cala Llonga 7.8 Good 1,134 reviews Hotel's location was amazing, 4-5 mins walk to the beach, Cala Llonga, which is a lovely beach. From Ibiza Airport, you can take a taxi to hotel, costs around €33. Hotel has a pool and several sunbeds that you can enjoy the sun. Food was very delicious, they had several selections for breakfast/lunch and dinner. Fruits and vegetables were really fresh. Staff was very friendly. We really enjoyed 5 nights we stayed in. Show more Show less Gezgin Kız/Traveler Lady United Kingdom AMAZING APARTMENT BOAS-BEST LOCATION Ibiza Town From CAD 249 per night 8.5 Very good 4 reviews A great apartment in a fabulous location. The apartment has a sleek contemporary interior, with all you need for a comfortable stay. A fabulous large pool to cool down on those hot days, that was never crowded and a fantastic gym for anyone into their fitness. Based near the Marina, a 15 minute walk to the old town and a short drive to the airport. I would highly recommend to others considering a visit to Ibiza. Show more Show less Robert United Kingdom Address Ibiza luxury living Ibiza Town From CAD 293 per night 8.9 Fabulous 36 reviews Amazing apartment. Simply perfect, Susanna was the perfect host, she helped us with all our needs, super punctual at the check in and check out and so professional and kind. The Apartment is amazing, terrace and the pool at ground 0 make it the best place where to stay in Ibiza. Location great, 3 min walking from Pacha. I will come back for sure. Thanks for hosting us is such an amazing paradise Show more Show less FRANCESCO Italy THB Los Molinos Adults Only Hotel in Ibiza Town From CAD 88 per night 8.3 Very good 2,697 reviews Great location, right on the beach and with a few good local shops around. The pool area was lovely too, plenty of beds and a nice pool bar - playing music all day but not obnoxiously loud which was perfect. We had the balcony with sea view room, and we loved it. Hotel was very clean, and staff helpful. Would definitely visit again. Fourth time in Ibiza and this was my favourite hotel to date! Show more Show less Tim United Kingdom CBbC Suites Port Vell Ibiza Town From CAD 181 per night 8.7 Fabulous 835 reviews Great find in Ibiza if you are looking for something outside of the high-rise hotel party zones at Bossa, etc. Located on the port with a gorgeous view outside of your room. Surrounded by restaurants, shops, etc. The area gets busier at night with noise from bars/people, but it isn’t an issue at all (and I am a light sleeper). Bed is comfortable and having the kitchenette is great. Show more Show less Sarah United States El Puerto Ibiza Hotel Spa Hotel in Ibiza Town From CAD 140 per night 8.3 Very good 2,904 reviews We enjoyed our stay at El Puerto Ibiza Hotel a lot! The room was bigger compared to our expectations. The breakfast was perfect, the open buffet contains a handful of varieties of everything. The cleanliness was excellent. Our balcony was facing the old town, and we enjoyed our evenings a lot on the balcony. We are looking forward to our next stay when we come to Ibiza again. Show more Show less Firat Germany El Hotel Pacha Hotel in Ibiza Town From CAD 153 per night 9.0 Superb 603 reviews Hotel was perfect. We had a 10th wedding anniversary and there was wine delivered to the room for free . And as well higher standard of the room as well as a gift . Once again thank you. For sure we will visit you once again. This time with few night of Party 🙂 maybe for my wife 50th ( like pacha ibiza) birthday this year. 1973 was a great year😉 Show more Show less Marcin Poland Cala San Miguel The Club Hotel in Puerto de San Miguel 9.0 Superb 798 reviews The Hotel is brand new, Super clean. The room size is correct. The staff were super friendly (Sergio and the team)! The breakfast is really good and the restaurant offers great selections for dinner. We mainly ate there every night. It's 1 min walking from the Beach of Puerto de San Miguel. We will definitely come back when visiting Ibiza. Show more Show less Georges United Arab Emirates TRS Ibiza Hotel -All Inclusive Adults Only Hotel in San Antonio 8.9 Fabulous 1,052 reviews TRS Ibiza Hotel is an excellent experience in Ibiza, Spain. The Hotel is new, all facilities are clean, organized, the perfume in all the rooms is amazing. The breakfast is unreal and no words to describe the breakfast experience. Definitely, I highly recommend the hotel and breakfast. All staff are friendly and make the moment even more special. Show more Show less Luan Carvalho dos Santos Ireland Apartamentos Lido Ibiza Town 8.1 Very good 2,019 reviews Apartment was good size for 2/3 people. Recently refurbished and decorated. Very clean throughout. Very adaquate facilities for a self catering holiday. Good sized balcony with side sea views. Complex had good size and clean swimming pool with lifeguard. Easy access to beach and the bars and restaurants. 10 to 15 minute walk to Ibiza Town. Show more Show less Robert United Kingdom Apartamentos Bahia Santa Eularia des Riu 9.0 Superb 612 reviews The location was perfect. Everything was close: beach, restaurants, supermarkets. Ferry and bus stop to Ibiza Town and other locations was a short walk away. We had a lovely view of the beach from our apartment, which was on the top floor. The host/contact, Nadya, was very helpful. Apartment we stayed in was very clean and spacious. Show more Show less P United Kingdom M. HOTEL Hotel in San Antonio From CAD 130 per night 8.7 Fabulous 343 reviews We loved our stay at the M. Hotel. Micky went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable and felt at home in Ibiza. The hotel is brand new, beautiful, in a great and quiet location, and very clean. Next time we go to Ibiza, we will definitely stay here! Show more Show less Jarleene United States Hotel MiM Ibiza & Spa - Adults Only Hotel in Ibiza Town 8.4 Very good 1,201 reviews Hotel Mim Es Vive is my fave place to stay in ibiza. Aside from beautiful architecture, it's a really chilled vibe. Customer service is spot on. This time I was there on my own but felt really comfortable being by the pool on my own. Love this place. Show more Show less Cox United Kingdom Hotel Vibra Marítimo Hotel in Ibiza Town From CAD 97 per night 7.2 Good 2,852 reviews Hotel was just like it is shown in the pictures. Great location, 15 min walk to Ibiza Town Center and 5 min walk to a public beach, also short drive to other nearby beaches. Great value for money if you are looking for a simple hotel to stay in Ibiza. Show more Show less İdil Netherlands Casa Klod Ibiza Ibiza Town From CAD 411 per night 8.9 Fabulous 53 reviews Excellent place to stand with family or friends! Apartments very clean and nice designed patio with pool. Host also very polite and perfect tour guide! You will see IBIZA from different side. We recommend this place to everybody. Show more Show less Anastasija Latvia Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Apartments on Ibiza Still looking for the perfect place to stay? Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Villas on Ibiza Explore more great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels near Figueretas Beach Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. Hotels near Ushuaia Ibiza Places to stay with a popular tourist attraction nearby. When to visit Spain Events, prices, the weather and more. Hotels in Spain Set off to explore the whole country. Car hire near Ibiza Airport Flying in to Ibiza Airport and need to hire a car? Book it now to pick it up when you touch down. Flights to Ibiza Reaching Ibiza just got easier! Hotels near Ibiza Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Show more Save time, save money! Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals Subscribe Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Thanks! We've sent you an email so you can complete your subscription List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1871440