The 10 best hotels in Bournemouth, Dorset - Cheap Bournemouth hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Bournemouth Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Bournemouth hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Kingdom Dorset Bournemouth Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Bournemouth – 117 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Mercure Bournemouth Queens Hotel and Spa Hotel in Bournemouth City Centre, Bournemouth Just a few hundred metres from Bournemouth's sandy beaches, Mercure Bournemouth Queens Hotel has spacious, traditional rooms. We have a wellness club which includes a pool, jacuzzi, sauna, and a gym. Show more 6.9 Pleasant 2,450 reviews Price fromCAD 107.58per night Check availability Ocean Beach Hotel & Spa - OCEANA COLLECTION Hotel in Bournemouth City Centre, Bournemouth Situated on the seafront, overlooking Bournemouth Bay, Ocean Beach Hotel & Spa has an outdoor pool. With a superb cliff-top location, it is just a short walk from Bournemouth's town centre and... Show more 6.2 Pleasant 1,692 reviews Price fromCAD 87.60per night Check availability Marsham Court Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth City Centre, Bournemouth With a stunning location on East Cliff, overlooking Bournemouth’s Pier, bay and beaches, the family-run award-winning Marsham Court Hotel offers free Wi-Fi. Show more 7.7 Good 2,133 reviews Price fromCAD 151.98per night Check availability Fairmount Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth City Centre, Bournemouth Centrally situated in Bournemouth, Fairmount Hotel is just a 500-metre walk from Bournemouth Beach and town centre. It offers affordable rooms. Show more 7.0 Good 1,085 reviews Price fromCAD 68.30per night Check availability The Hop Inn Hotel in Bournemouth City Centre, Bournemouth Set in Bournemouth, 700 metres from Alum Chine beach, The Hop Inn offers accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a restaurant and a bar. This 3-star hotel offers free WiFi. Show more 7.5 Good 903 reviews Price fromCAD 145.15per night Check availability Derby Manor Hotel in Boscombe, Bournemouth Derby Manor is set in Boscombe, 1 km from Bournemouth Beach. Free secure private parking is available on site. Every room comes with a 40-inch flat-screen TV with satellite channels. Show more 9.1 Superb 2,176 reviews Price fromCAD 140.16per night Check availability Tregonholme Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth City Centre, Bournemouth The Tregonholme Hotel offers a warm and friendly welcome a short walk to the beach. It offers nicely decorated bedrooms, free Wi-Fi in public areas and free parking. Show more 9.0 Superb 860 reviews Price fromCAD 102.46per night Check availability Hilton Bournemouth Hotel in Bournemouth City Centre, Bournemouth Situated just 5 minutes' walk from the beach and vibrant promenade, Hilton Bournemouth features a heated indoor pool, complimentary 24-hour fitness centre and the eforea spa & health club with sauna... 8.0 Very good 2,926 reviews Price fromCAD 158.21per night Check availability Cecil Court Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth City Centre, Bournemouth Once an elegant 19th Century home, the "Lauriston" as it was called then was converted into a hotel in 1933. Show more 8.0 Very good 2,161 reviews Price fromCAD 76.84per night Check availability The Riviera Hotel & Holiday Apartments Alum Chine Hotel in Bournemouth The Riviera Hotel has a peaceful location, looking out over the trees of Alum Chine to the bay. With free Wi-Fi and free parking, leisure facilities include a hot tub and indoor pool. Show more 8.1 Very good 3,126 reviews Price fromCAD 100.15per night Check availability See all 164 hotels in Bournemouth Most booked hotels in Bournemouth in the past month See all Royal Bath Hotel & Spa Bournemouth Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 5.9 Above average · 10,735 reviews Carrington House Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 5.8 Above average · 8,279 reviews Hampton by Hilton Bournemouth Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 8.5 Very good · 3,025 reviews Trouville Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 6.5 Pleasant · 2,242 reviews Hilton Bournemouth Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 8.0 Very good · 2,926 reviews Heathlands Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 6.0 Pleasant · 5,463 reviews Royal Exeter Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 7.7 Good · 3,595 reviews Hotel Celebrity Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 7.4 Good · 4,102 reviews Mercure Bournemouth Queens Hotel and Spa Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 6.9 Pleasant · 2,450 reviews Holiday Inn Bournemouth, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Popular with guests booking hotels in Bournemouth 8.3 Very good · 2,022 reviews Bournemouth's best hotels with breakfast See all The Lodge At Meyrick Park Hotel in Bournemouth Breakfast options In 120 acres of parkland and with its own 18-hole championship golf course, The Lodge offers free wireless internet access, free parking and superb leisure facilities, including an indoor pool. Staff, facilities, rooms and location are all amazing ! Avg. price/night: CAD 84.53 8.3 Very good · 2,069 reviews Inn in the Park Hotel in Bournemouth Breakfast options Located in Bournemouth, 500 metres from Alum Chine beach, Inn in the Park provides accommodation with a garden, free private parking, a terrace and a restaurant. really friendly helpful staff nice vibe dog friendly Avg. price/night: CAD 215.16 8.7 Fabulous · 378 reviews Carrington House Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Breakfast options Just 20 minutes’ drive from Bournemouth Airport, The Carrington House Hotel is situated on a tree-lined street on the East Cliff of Bournemouth. Staff were great . Liga on reception was exceptional Avg. price/night: CAD 54.64 5.8 Above average · 8,279 reviews Elstead Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Breakfast options Situated in a quiet, tree-lined avenue, the Elstead Classic Hotel is ideally placed for either exploring the shops and pretty gardens of cosmopolitan Bournemouth or the famous sandy beaches. The steam room. Every man needs a schvitz from time to time. Avg. price/night: CAD 121.92 7.7 Good · 1,319 reviews Durley Dean Hotel in Bournemouth Breakfast options This Victorian townhouse offers bright, modern air conditioning rooms, located just 5 minutes’ walk from Bournemouth’s award-winning beach. A large airy room and spacious bathroom. Large bed. Avg. price/night: CAD 126.36 7.1 Good · 4,277 reviews The Hermitage Hotel - OCEANA COLLECTION Hotel in Bournemouth Breakfast options With paid parking and free Wi-Fi throughout, The Hermitage Hotel is just metres from Bournemouth’s sandy beach. It has an award-winning restaurant, modern bedrooms and wonderful sea views. Location was perfect, lovely view from the bedroom Avg. price/night: CAD 127.56 6.9 Pleasant · 2,152 reviews Bournemouth East Cliff Hotel, Sure Hotel Collection by BW Hotel in Bournemouth Breakfast options Located on Bournemouth's East Cliff, 5 minutes' walk from the town centre, the Bournemouth East Cliff Sure Hotel Collection by Best Western offers 3-star accommodation with free WiFi. Balcony sea view Staff was very friendly specially Joey Avg. price/night: CAD 106.04 6.5 Pleasant · 1,514 reviews Heathlands Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Breakfast options Just 10 minutes’ walk from Bournemouth Pier, Heathlands Hotel is situated on East Cliff. The hotel also has a popular restaurant and free WiFi is available at reception. There was large amount of dust inside the radiator Avg. price/night: CAD 59.77 6.0 Pleasant · 5,463 reviews Budget hotels in Bournemouth See all Boho Beach House - Beach location Hotel in Bournemouth Budget Hotel Featuring a garden, a shared lounge as well as a terrace, Boho Beach House - Beach location is set in the centre of Bournemouth, less than 1 km from Alum Chine beach. Everything ! Lovely host amazing place. Great price . Avg. price/night: CAD 153.68 8.6 Fabulous · 369 reviews The Spyglass & Kettle by Greene King Inns Hotel in Bournemouth Budget Hotel Situated on Southbourne clifftop and opposite a sandy Blue Flag beach, The Spyglass & Kettle by Greene King Inns is only a 10-minute drive from Bournemouth city centre and features free on-site... Extremely friendly and warm staff - felt very welcome. Avg. price/night: CAD 107.58 8.0 Very good · 836 reviews Bournemouth Highcliff Marriott Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Budget Hotel With a dramatic seafront location, Highcliff Marriott Hotel has gymnasium. Bournemouth town centre is a 10-minute walk away. Guests get free WiFi in all public areas. Room was large, very comfortable and well equipped Avg. price/night: CAD 133.19 8.2 Very good · 308 reviews Mount Stuart Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Budget Hotel Situated 10 minutes’ walk from Bournemouth’s golden beaches and town centre, Mount Stuart Hotel is a Victorian property with free WiFi and an outside terrace. Great location, breakfast was nice. Friendly staff. 7.0 Good · 1,028 reviews Trouville Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Budget Hotel Boasting a heated indoor swimming pool, sauna and fitness centre, Trouville Hotel offers high quality accommodation close to Bournemouth’s seafront attractions. Swimming pool and Jacuzzi was great and good location Avg. price/night: CAD 90.67 6.5 Pleasant · 2,242 reviews Cumberland Hotel - OCEANA COLLECTION Hotel in Bournemouth Budget Hotel Located on the seafront, overlooking Bournemouth Bay, this iconic and uniquely styled hotel has a 1930s Art Deco style, a seasonal outdoor heated pool, a day spa, and a lido deck. Lovely lounge and bar areas and bedroom very clean Avg. price/night: CAD 161.37 7.1 Good · 2,520 reviews Village Hotel Bournemouth Hotel in Bournemouth Budget Hotel Village Hotel Bournemouth is a stylish hotel with excellent facilities. It offers a modern health club with a gym and a pool, along with a great pub and restaurant and a Starbucks. Excellent hotel, very clean would stay there again Avg. price/night: CAD 129.78 7.4 Good · 1,548 reviews Best Western Plus The Connaught Hotel and Spa Hotel in Bournemouth Budget Hotel Situated on Bournemouth's West Cliff, Best Western Plus Best Western Plus The Connaught Hotel and Spa and Spa is only 550 metres from sandy beaches, the BIC, and the Pavilion. Devore, atmosphere and facilities. The spa was beautiful. Avg. price/night: CAD 144.46 7.8 Good · 2,145 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Bournemouth See all Tregonholme Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Central location The Tregonholme Hotel offers a warm and friendly welcome a short walk to the beach. It offers nicely decorated bedrooms, free Wi-Fi in public areas and free parking. Location was perfect with private parking. Staff were friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 102.46 9.0 Superb · 860 reviews The Green House Hotel in Bournemouth Central location Just a few minutes’ walk from Bournemouth beach, this elegant, award-winning eco-friendly hotel features rooms with hand-made furniture. Modern and comfortable. Excellent location and on site parking. Avg. price/night: CAD 186.13 8.7 Fabulous · 934 reviews The Chocolate Box Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Central location Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, The Chocolate Box Hotel offers accommodation in Bournemouth, 200 metres from Bournemouth Beach. Free private parking is available on site and is limited. The little extras like chocolate and cookies in the room Avg. price/night: CAD 143.35 8.6 Fabulous · 1,107 reviews Lemur Lodge Hotel in Bournemouth Central location Situated in Bournemouth, 700 metres from Eastcliff Beach, Lemur Lodge features accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. clean, nice interior, very easy check in/check out 8.6 Fabulous · 52 reviews Hotel Balmoral Hotel in Bournemouth Central location Set in Bournemouth, 400 metres from Westcliff Beach, Hotel Balmoral offers accommodation with a shared lounge, free private parking and a bar. Staff was lovely very welcoming. The building is stunning. 8.5 Very good · 74 reviews Langtry Manor Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Central location Built by King Edward VII in 1877 for his mistress, Lillie Langtry, this listed Edwardian manor is a 5-minute walk from Bournemouth's cliff tops and approximately 1 mile from Bournemouth town centre. Lots if atmosphere. Very unique. Lovely furnishings Avg. price/night: CAD 124.86 8.5 Very good · 2,282 reviews Applewood Hotel Hotel in Bournemouth Central location Located close to the centre of Bournemouth, this family-run hotel offers a range of accommodation in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere, perfect for both holiday and business guests. Staffs were really nice and helpful, room was clean 8.4 Very good · 1,710 reviews No5 Durley Road - Contemporary serviced rooms and suites - no food available Hotel in Bournemouth Central location Around 10 minutes’ walk from Bournemouth seafront, No5 Durley Road - Contemporary serviced rooms and suites - no food available offers stylish accommodation. Hassle-free check in and an extremely clean property. Avg. price/night: CAD 151.98 8.1 Very good · 1,057 reviews FAQs about hotels in Bournemouth How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Bournemouth? On average, 3-star hotels in Bournemouth cost CAD 155 per night, and 4-star hotels in Bournemouth are CAD 220 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Bournemouth can on average be found for CAD 205 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Bournemouth for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Bournemouth this weekend is CAD 160 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 220. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Bournemouth for this weekend cost on average around CAD 290 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Bournemouth for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 120 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Bournemouth for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 178 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Bournemouth will cost around CAD 150 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Bournemouth are good for families? Many families visiting Bournemouth loved staying at Tregonholme Hotel, Lemur Lodge and The Chocolate Box Hotel. What are the best hotels in Bournemouth near Bournemouth Pier? Some of the best hotels in Bournemouth near Bournemouth Pier include Stay@Coast, Seaview West Coast and Westcliff Penthouse. What are the best hotels in Bournemouth near Bournemouth Airport? Travellers who stayed in Bournemouth near Bournemouth Airport (BOH) have said good things about Avon Causeway Hotel, Dudsbury Golf Club - Hotel And Spa and The Bridge House; BW Signature Collection. What are the best hotels to stay in Bournemouth? Derby Manor, Tregonholme Hotel and The Nici are some of the popular hotels in Bournemouth. What hotels in Bournemouth offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Bournemouth that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Tregonholme Hotel, The Chocolate Box Hotel and Inn in the Park. What hotels in Bournemouth are good for couples? These hotels in Bournemouth are highly rated by couples: Derby Manor, Tregonholme Hotel and Hotel Balmoral. What hotels in Bournemouth have nice views? Hotel Balmoral, Langtry Manor Hotel and The Nici have received great reviews from travellers in Bournemouth regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Sea Air and Savoir-Faire Known for its sandy beaches and good nightlife, Bournemouth is a popular seaside resort on the Dorset coast between Poole and Christchurch. The town is centred on the Bourne River, running downhill towards the sea by Bournemouth Pier. This pier looks back towards a promenade lined with beach huts at the foot of grassy cliffs. The promenade continues west to Poole, while a road goes east to neighbouring Boscombe, where anglers often fish from its pier. Overlooking it is a clifftop road housing some Bournemouth hotels with sea views. Booking.com also offers hotels near the BIC – Bournemouth International Centre in the West Cliff area. This convention centre and music venue is a short walk from the Art Deco Pavilion Theatre, located next to the Lower Gardens. In this popular city park is the Bournemouth Eye, a tethered hot air balloon that offers far-reaching views. At the park’s top end the river disappears under a large square, then emerges in the Central Gardens. Overlooking these gardens is the Victorian town hall, which used to be one of several spa hotels in Bournemouth. Opposite is a Grade I-listed church, and St Peter’s Church has the grave of Mary Shelley, author of ‘Frankenstein’. On the outskirts of town, near 4 golf courses and the Castlepoint Shopping Centre, is Bournemouth Airport. Learn more about visiting Bournemouth 11 attractions 13 points of interest 2 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Bournemouth: 8.0 We visited the christmas tree wonderland which looked great... We visited the christmas tree wonderland which looked great lit up. It was a bit smaller than I expected and took less than an hour. The beach was great and clean with amusements and the pier. Parking was quite near by. Shona 10 We visited Canvas Loft Club which was fantastic fun and only... We visited Canvas Loft Club which was fantastic fun and only 5 minutes walk from our accommodation. We very much enjoyed an afternoon lunch and spa at the NICI hotel. There were lots of restaurants nearby. Kay United Kingdom 10 Good walks and entertainment with plenty to do and good... Good walks and entertainment with plenty to do and good choice of restaurants The only downside was walking back at night where the lack of lighting was not good There was also a large number of people with drugs and a number of rats running day and night on Eastcliffe 8.0 Like many towns these days a lot of the shops are now empty,... Like many towns these days a lot of the shops are now empty, but there are still many shops that are open, I was in Boscombe/Bournemouth for a week but only in Bournemouth shopping area on Friday morning, and stopped at 2 'local-artisan' cafes for coffees with cake. The people who served me were genuinely pleasant and it was great coffee. There was a nice atmosphere. There was a lot of activity setting up wooden stalls for what looked likely to be a week-end market in the gardens which, almost, abut the sea/sandy beach and lead straight into the shopping area. I wasn't there for shopping, just sightseeing, but there seemed to be some good independent shops as well a chain stores as well as activities and entertainment on offer. D Gray United Kingdom 10 It was very enjoyable. It was very enjoyable. We stayed at a time when you were not full which added to the enjoyment for us. It was not busy, so our stay was leisurely and pleasant. We found the food good, and the rooms very comfortable. I am not too mobile, , but my children went out and brought anything I needed. Alison United States 8.0 Bournemouth is a great town to visit with lots of... Bournemouth is a great town to visit with lots of attractions close by. The seafront has a lovely promenade which goes on for miles. Recommend Compton Acres, a lovely private garden and The Anchorage pub nearby for delicious food. Only downside is that like many towns and cities the town centre has gone a bit downhill and the atmosphere has changed with many migrants around in the evening. timothy United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Bournemouth See all Marsham Court Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 151.98 per night 7.7 Good · 2,133 reviews The room was clean and the beds very comfortable. The location was perfect. It was a small walk to the pier and the beautiful beach. Restaurants were also a walk, but we used taxis. The pool was AMAZING! It was heated and clean. It was open until 8pm. We had lunch on the pool veranda and it was a bit pricey but very nice. The Bournemouth air show was on so we watched that from our sunbeds! The hotel had a nice warm friendly feeling. We really enjoyed our stay! CLAIRE United Kingdom Washington House Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 102.46 per night 8.6 Fabulous · 1,425 reviews The location is amazing for trips into Bournemouth town centre and the beaches, with parking - which is a bonus. Staff were great, very friendly and couldn't do enough to help us. The room and whole hotel is very clean and smelt so fresh when we arrived, it was lovely. I was a little sceptical not to have a cooked breakfast option, but the full continental, with cooked eggs, ham, cheese, croissants, pastries etc surpassed our expectations. Would definately visit again. Victoria United Kingdom Heathlands Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 59.77 per night 6.0 Pleasant · 5,463 reviews Really lovely staff and very helpful. I like all the Britannia hotels. Had not got a room for the next night – so stayed at the Royal Bath hotel -which also is very good and a lovely staff and very helpful too. I asked for a single room and was given a very comfortable double room in both hotels. I have a mobility scooter and it was easy to be able to charge it up each night .I come to Bournemouth quite often and usually stay in a Britannia hotel. G Gillian United Kingdom The Ravensbourne Hotel Bournemouth 8.4 Very good · 702 reviews This was the best nights sleep me and my partner had in a long time! The hotel, room and gardens were decorated beautifully. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was phenomenal! Boscombe beach was 2 minutes away, and Bournemouth was 5 minutes on the bus - in fact we walked back from Bournemouth along the beach which didn’t take long at all. Couldn’t fault the hotel or our stay even if we tried! Leah United Kingdom Hotel Celebrity Bournemouth From CAD 66.60 per night 7.4 Good · 4,102 reviews Lovely location, close to the beach and shops. Hotel Celebrity was clean and comfortable, staff were friendly. I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel and found it to be very reasonable in price. Breakfast was very good with a selection of fruit, cereal and a buffet style help yourself full English. Would definitely recommend Hotel Celebrity as a place to stay in Bournemouth. Andrew United Kingdom Mount Stuart Hotel Bournemouth 7.0 Good · 1,028 reviews The breakfast was good, the customer service was excellent, and they always went above and beyond to help us. The room had a lot of natural light and could be easily blocked if needed. The kettle station provided was very useful and a nice comfort for the room. the location of the hotel was perfect, walking distance to the beach and to the town centre making travel easy. James United Kingdom Carrington House Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 54.64 per night 5.8 Above average · 8,279 reviews Hotel reception guy was very welcoming and polite. Room was very spacious and clean. Location is defo the best thing literally a 2 min drive from the beach! I read the reviews for the hotel after I booked and I really was dreading checking in but I wouldn’t trust any of them because the hotel was actually lovely. Yes its dated but it’s nice. You get what you pay for. Noreen United Kingdom Langtry Manor Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 124.86 per night 8.5 Very good · 2,282 reviews Everything was amazing and comfortable, the lovely gentleman at the reception was extremely accommodating and kind, and even helped us chill our wine and brought us wine glasses to our room. The breakfast next door was one of the best I've had at a hotel in the UK, and the staff was also amazing. All in all 10 out of 10, we will come back for a longer stay! Eve-Lise France Urban Beach Hotel Bournemouth 8.9 Fabulous · 425 reviews Had a great stay at urban beach great location the room was outstanding bed was so comfortable I've stayed in Bournemouth lots of times in different hotel and this was the best hotel room for the price and just a 10 minute walk to the beach and a 10 minute walk to the town couldn't ask for know more will definitely be coming back to urban beach. Mark United Kingdom Derby Manor Bournemouth From CAD 172.13 per night 9.1 Superb · 2,177 reviews Location of hotel was ok, although Bournemouth as a place was as a massive let down. Whilst the Derby Manor is really nice and well appointed, the city centre area is full of what appears to be homeless and drunken/drugged up immigrants that pester you for money and make you feel uneasy. alexander United Kingdom Royal Exeter Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 153.68 per night 7.7 Good · 3,595 reviews I booked single room for one night, but I get double room without any extra charge. Room was nice, large and clean. Location is nice, it is close to tow center and to the beach. Personnel was helpful. I would definitely stay in that hotel again. Tomasz Poland Carrington House Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 54.64 per night 5.8 Above average · 8,279 reviews The hotel was very close to Bournemouth city centre. It has a swimming pool and a bar downstairs to get some snacks and a beer 🍺 in the evening. The room was comfortable and they also allow pets. We had our cat with us for £10 per night. Silvia United Kingdom The Grove Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 68.30 per night 8.1 Very good · 2,830 reviews Perfect location, easy parking and friendly staff. My room was very clean and comfortable. I think that of the hotels I have stayed in in Bournemouth, this has been one of the best and I will definitely return. Tim United Kingdom Elstead Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 121.92 per night 7.7 Good · 1,319 reviews The staff were very friendly. The room was nice with tea and coffee-making facilities. The hotel location is convenient for Bournemouth City Centre with plenty of parking space. Jan-Marc United Kingdom The Orchid Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 115.69 per night 8.3 Very good · 2,940 reviews The staff was brilliant. The hotel was very clean and I was very happy with the location it was 5 minutes away from the beach which was very big. I was very overwhelmed Alex United Kingdom Mory House Bournemouth 9.6 Exceptional · 67 reviews Fabulous just says it all!! if you are going to Bournemouth forget your 4 and 5 star hotels there is no place better to stay! Marc United Kingdom Kingsley Hotel Bournemouth 9.4 Superb · 513 reviews Friendly host (it's a small owner-managed hotel), it's clean, organized, cozy and great location near the beach. Mohamed Elbashir Ahmed United States Marsham Court Hotel Bournemouth From CAD 151.98 per night 7.7 Good · 2,133 reviews The hotel is in am excellent location, close to the beach, pier and the central Bournemouth facilities. Richard United Kingdom Mercure Bournemouth Queens Hotel and Spa Bournemouth From CAD 107.58 per night 6.9 Pleasant · 2,450 reviews The best hotel that I have ever stayed in Bournemouth. Will definitely come back and recommend it. Iveta United Kingdom Mercure Bournemouth Queens Hotel and Spa Bournemouth From CAD 107.58 per night 6.9 Pleasant · 2,450 reviews The location to Bournemouth city centre is good. Kevin United Kingdom Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Brighton & Hove Want to extend your trip or still just browsing? Try Brighton & Hove, also popular with our guests! Hotels in Weymouth Try another destination popular with our guests. Car hire in Bournemouth Hire a car and hit the road. Hotels in the United Kingdom Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels near Bristol Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Bournemouth Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in England Look beyond Bournemouth and set off to discover more of England. Hotels in Dorset Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Bournemouth City Centre Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Bournemouth Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1833870,1870380|7,1866460,1846890,1847760,1870380|3,1847760|3,1871440,1870380