The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Ajman , United Arab Emirates - Ajman  hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Ajman Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Ajman hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels United Arab Emirates Ajman Ajman Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Ajman – 37 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Radisson Blu Hotel, Ajman Hotel in Ajman The brand new, centrally located Radisson Blu Hotel, offers stylish interiors, wide array of restaurants and bars and an outdoor swimming pool. Show more 8.7 Fabulous 3,429 reviews Price fromCAD 137.48per night Check availability Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Ajman Hotel in Ajman This 4-star hotel provides spacious rooms with a kitchenette. It has free WiFi access, a gym and a full-service spa with an indoor pool. Show more 8.2 Very good 4,989 reviews Price fromCAD 150.91per night Check availability Wyndham Garden Ajman Corniche Hotel in Ajman Situated in Ajman, 1.4 km from Ajman Beach, Wyndham Garden Ajman Corniche features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a fitness centre and a restaurant. Show more 8.8 Fabulous 3,941 reviews Price fromCAD 180.36per night Check availability Ramada by Wyndham Beach Hotel Ajman Hotel in Ajman Located on Ajman Corniche, Ramada Beach Hotel Ajman overlooks Ajman Beach and the waters of the Arabian Gulf. It features a private beach, an indoor pool and a gym. Show more 8.2 Very good 3,842 reviews Price fromCAD 139.87per night Check availability Ewan Ajman Suites Hotel Hotel in Ajman Located less than 20 km from both Dubai and Sharjah International Airports,Ewan Ajman Suites Hotel offers an outdoor pool and modern suites. Its 13th-floor restaurant features panoramic views of... Show more 7.0 Good 2,792 reviews Price fromCAD 92.13per night Check availability Ewan Tower Hotel Apartments Hotel in Ajman Situated in Ajman and with Ajman China Mall reachable within 10 km, Ewan Tower Hotel Apartments features concierge services, allergy-free rooms, a fitness centre, free WiFi throughout the property and... Show more 7.1 Good 2,099 reviews Price fromCAD 92.13per night Check availability Ajman Beach Hotel Hotel in Ajman Ajman overlooks the Arabic Sea, facing a private wide and white beach, 25 km from Dubai’s Airport and City Centre. 5.8 Above average 1,511 reviews Price fromCAD 125.15per night Check availability Paradise Inn 1 Tabasum Group Hotel in Ajman Paradise Inn 1 Tabasum Group Apartments offers accommodation in Ajman. Free WiFi is available throughout the entire property. All units have a flat-screen TV with satellite channels. Show more 7.3 Good 578 reviews Price fromCAD 146.87per night Check availability Al Rayan Hotel Hotel in Ajman Al Rayan Hotel is situated in the heart of Ajman, by the city’s business and shopping areas. It is only 15 minutes’ drive from Sharjah International Airport and 20 km from Dubai International Airport.... Show more 6.2 Pleasant 313 reviews Price fromCAD 66.26per night Check availability Mermaid Beach Hotel LLC Hotel in Ajman Mermaid Beach Hotel LLC is Located on Ajman cornich. The hotel overlooks Ajman Beach , next to the local beach. It offers accommodation with views of the sea. 5.8 Above average 881 reviews Price fromCAD 72.88per night Check availability See all 31 hotels in Ajman Most booked hotels in Ajman in the past month See all Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Ajman Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 8.2 Very good · 4,989 reviews Radisson Blu Hotel, Ajman Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 8.7 Fabulous · 3,426 reviews Alain Hotel Apartments Ajman Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 7.6 Good · 683 reviews Ewan Ajman Suites Hotel Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 7.0 Good · 2,795 reviews Ewan Tower Hotel Apartments Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 7.1 Good · 2,100 reviews Ramada by Wyndham Beach Hotel Ajman Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 8.2 Very good · 3,842 reviews The Saj Hotel Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 7.1 Good · 368 reviews Dream Palace Hotel Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 6.9 Pleasant · 616 reviews Al Khaleej Plaza Furnished Apartments LLC Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 6.2 Pleasant · 434 reviews Wyndham Garden Ajman Corniche Hotel in Ajman Popular with guests booking hotels in Ajman 8.8 Fabulous · 3,941 reviews Budget hotels in Ajman See all Al Smou Hotel Apartments - MAHA HOSPITALITY GROUP Hotel in Ajman Budget Hotel Just a 10-minute walk from Ajman Corniche Promenade, Al Smou Hotel Apartments - MAHA HOSPITALITY GROUP offer air-conditioned accommodations with free Wi-Fi. Lulu Centre is 200 metres away. Good reception parsons good respect and good attitude Avg. price/night: CAD 72.69 7.1 Good · 785 reviews Dream Palace Hotel Hotel in Ajman Budget Hotel This design hotel in the heart of Ajman’s business district offers spacious rooms with a modern design. All rooms have free wired internet and a satellite TV. فندق جيد جدا.. الموقع والكادر والمعاملة.. النظافة جيدة Avg. price/night: CAD 69.29 6.9 Pleasant · 616 reviews Sham Palace Hotel in Ajman Budget Hotel Set in Ajman, less than 1 km from Ajman Beach, Sham Palace features views of the city. Avg. price/night: CAD 138.58 4.4 Disappointing · 52 reviews Ajman Beach Hotel Hotel in Ajman Budget Hotel Ajman overlooks the Arabic Sea, facing a private wide and white beach, 25 km from Dubai’s Airport and City Centre. The staff was very polite and worked professionally. Avg. price/night: CAD 125.15 5.8 Above average · 1,511 reviews Paris Furnished Apartments - Tabasum Group Hotel in Ajman Budget Hotel Set in Ajman, 2.1 km from Ajman Beach, Paris Furnished Apartments - Tabasum Group offers accommodation with free WiFi and free private parking. Wide spaces bed comfortable and clean No disturbances Avg. price/night: CAD 73.45 7.3 Good · 261 reviews Al Khaleej Plaza Furnished Apartments LLC Hotel in Ajman Budget Hotel Al Khaleej Plaza Furnished Apartments LLC is situated in Ajman, 1.5 km from Ajman Beach and 13 km from Ajman China Mall. It's clean ,the staff is very friendly and helpful. 6.2 Pleasant · 434 reviews FAQs about hotels in Ajman How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Ajman ? On average, 3-star hotels in Ajman cost CAD 127 per night, and 4-star hotels in Ajman are CAD 149 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Ajman can on average be found for CAD 340 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Ajman for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Ajman this weekend is CAD 125 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 157. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Ajman for this weekend cost on average around CAD 379 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Ajman for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 125 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Ajman for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 161 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Ajman will cost around CAD 342 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Ajman are good for families? Many families visiting Ajman loved staying at Wyndham Garden Ajman Corniche, Radisson Blu Hotel, Ajman and Ramada by Wyndham Beach Hotel Ajman. What are the best hotels to stay in Ajman ? Wyndham Garden Ajman Corniche, Radisson Blu Hotel, Ajman and Ramada by Wyndham Beach Hotel Ajman are some of the popular hotels in Ajman . What hotels in Ajman offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Ajman that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Wyndham Garden Ajman Corniche, Ramada by Wyndham Beach Hotel Ajman and Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Ajman. What hotels in Ajman are good for couples? These hotels in Ajman are highly rated by couples: Radisson Blu Hotel, Ajman, Wyndham Garden Ajman Corniche and Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Ajman. What hotels in Ajman have nice views? Wyndham Garden Ajman Corniche, Ramada by Wyndham Beach Hotel Ajman and Radisson Blu Hotel, Ajman have received great reviews from travellers in Ajman regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Ajman : 8.0 A wonderful stay with lots of members of staff to be... A wonderful stay with lots of members of staff to be mentioned , everyone works very hard, nothing is too much to ask, always available to help, Always smilling that's most important! Very efficient specially Birdy on front desk a name must have to be mentioned... from check in till checkout always kind, helpful and respectful. He upgrades both our room with late checkout. Each time we use to walk past reception he smiles, wave and lit if time just stand up out of respect. Beach is very clean, lots n lots if shops around including many eat out options on walking distance. Water activities on beach leads by very friendly team. No entertainment in hotel but it didn't bother us, atmosphere is calm around hotel and food much much better than I expected in al inclusive hotels for the price we pay for. Some stuff like hot chocolate aren't including which is bit disappointing , all in all we a great holiday. Azima United Kingdom 10 Very good room, very spacious & neat. Very good room, very spacious & neat. Reception team was very co-operative. Vinod from Transport team was also helpful. Prime location. Eventhough beach is not nearby, Ramada gives the facility everyday. Retty 10 Ajman has a common border with Sharjah but you will never... Ajman has a common border with Sharjah but you will never see when cross the border of two Emirates, except that Ajman is much more adjusted for tourists and not so strict as Sharjah. The rest is more the less the same - sea is clean and warm, sunny weather all the year Grigory Kabatiansky France 10 I recently stayed at the Ajman Ramada hotel for one night... I recently stayed at the Ajman Ramada hotel for one night and had a great experience. The hotel was clean, modern, and well-maintained. The room was spacious and comfortable, with all the amenities I needed. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful, particularly Amina at the front desk. She was efficient, professional. One of the highlights of my stay was the hotel's breakfast buffet, which was included in my room rate. There was a wide variety of options available. Overall, I would highly recommend the Ramada Hotel for anyone looking for a comfortable and convenient place to stay. K Kaleab United Arab Emirates 10 Recommend the stay when you need to find peace during the... Recommend the stay when you need to find peace during the day at the beach. Still there is nightlife (and Oscar store for drinks) next to hotel in the evenings. Recommend the stay for adults and elders (lots of them on sight) but also for families with kids who aren't glamorous. Reasonable hotel for this price. Recommend. Oleg Russia 4.0 The most important thing in a hotel is the sense of peace... The most important thing in a hotel is the sense of peace and security of the traveler. The workers inside and outside the hotel were doing repairs and painting when I entered the hotel and the paint splashed on my clothes. When I said that this happened to me, they said that we will wash your clothes at your own expense My trip was a one-day trip and I did not have many clothes with me. I am complaining to the hotel managers And they must compensate me for the damage. Due to my many travels, I have not seen this happen anywhere in the world and in any hotel They had covered the signs of their hotel outside the hotel, but they do not care about the passengers Please register this complaint and look into it so that this does not happen again to any traveler anywhere in the world. All photos are available I request from booking team to follow up and deal with this complaint. Alireza Iran Explore guest reviews of hotels in Ajman See all Ramada by Wyndham Beach Hotel Ajman Hotel in Ajman From CAD 125 per night 8.2 Very good 3,842 reviews My stay at the Ramada Beach Hotel in Ajman was satisfactory. The staff was polite and accommodating, and the room was clean and well-appointed. The hotel's amenities, including the pool and dining options, were adequate. The hotel's beachfront location provided easy access to the sea, which was a plus. While it was a decent stay, I didn't find anything particularly outstanding or disappointing about the experience. Show more Show less Ahmad Germany Al Khaleej Plaza Furnished Apartments LLC Hotel in Ajman From CAD 92 per night 6.2 Review score 434 reviews Staff was amazing when we checked in Mr Mohammad was there who gave us good service really smiling personality really happy with his service inshAllah next time sure we are going to stay there again happy with customer service. When we checked out Mr.Kamil was there I insisted him that I want some extra hours in cheap price and he helped us to stay and enjoy our day really thanks God bless u both. Show more Show less Sam United Arab Emirates Ajman Saray, a Luxury Collection Resort, Ajman Ajman From CAD 169 per night 8.6 Fabulous 1,524 reviews I had been to various hotels in the UAE, and I must say that Ajman Saray is my favorite property. We enjoyed our stay, it was comfortable and relaxed. Our room is amazing, it is huge and has balcony with nice views. The facilities are great. The foods are superb. The staffs are very accommodating and friendly. Show more Show less Melieza United Arab Emirates Al Rayan Hotel Hotel in Ajman From CAD 55 per night 6.2 Review score 313 reviews There is no point in a good point from this property. They show another image and rented the worst apartment. they are the worst hotel in the UAE.NEVER EVER I WILL BOOK ANY ROOM THROUGH BOOKING.COM OR IN THIS HOTEL. I WAS MADE TO SLEE INSIDE THE CAR DUE TONUNAVIALABILITY OF BED. Show more Show less Habeeb United Arab Emirates Fairmont Ajman Ajman From CAD 219 per night 8.1 Very good 2,766 reviews The price and the overall quality of the hotel and its facilities are good. The the restaurants serve delicious foods but slightly over prices, specially that other restaurants in Ajman are a lot cheaper. The in room service and kitchen is quick. The bed was comfortable. Show more Show less Ahmed United Arab Emirates Wyndham Garden Ajman Corniche Hotel in Ajman From CAD 129 per night 8.8 Fabulous 3,941 reviews Very new modern and clean hotel staff professional location and sea view amazing you can consider one of the best of ajman hotel if you courting in 5 definitely will be among of them facility us their also very good pool gym song jacuzzi great and cheap food Show more Show less lubaik United Arab Emirates Bahi Ajman Palace Hotel Ajman From CAD 165 per night 8.2 Very good 3,250 reviews Amazing stay with excellent choice of food. Love the iftar buffet, the food was delicious. Our baby enjoyed playing at the private beach ⛱ of Bahi Ajman place. Friendly stuff and very clean rooms. Thanks Bahi Ajman Palace Hotel for the nice stay. Show more Show less Suleman Ahmed United Arab Emirates Ajman Hotel by Blazon Hotels Ajman From CAD 221 per night 8.5 Very good 2,073 reviews I love the beach of Ajman hotel, it's very calm and a great place to chill! The room was clean and had a very nice view. The breakfast was just fine. Zanzibar rocks! I love having lunch/dinner/drinks there! Great value! Show more Show less Sümeyye Germany Alain Hotel Apartments Ajman Hotel in Ajman From CAD 73 per night 7.6 Good 683 reviews Everything is good Alain Hotel is best hotel in Ajman yes ,the owner are really trying despite the up and down in business, they still make sure guests are very comfortable during their stay , everything is perfect and clean Show more Show less Emmanuel Uchunor United Arab Emirates Ewan Tower Hotel Apartments Hotel in Ajman From CAD 102 per night 7.1 Good 2,100 reviews Iwan Hotel Apartment in Ajman is a very comfortable place for a vacation or business in UAE. The service is exceptional, and the staff of the hotel is so friendly. They really care for their customers and their comfort. Show more Show less Tarig Canada Radisson Blu Hotel, Ajman Hotel in Ajman From CAD 137 per night 8.7 Fabulous 3,430 reviews Best hotel in ajman and very friendly staff at tbe reception subash, fiyana,maryl and mr ibrahim.they all are amazing and make our stay very comfortable. Thanks and we will come back again. Show more Show less Mizanur Bangladesh Alain Hotel Ajman Ajman From CAD 110 per night 7.5 Good 4,715 reviews best hotel in Ajman Number 1 everything is classy mr Rahim was very nice and polite to me, thank you very much sir Show more Show less Emmanuel Uchunor United Arab Emirates Ajman Beach Hotel Hotel in Ajman From CAD 110 per night 5.8 Review score 1,511 reviews Nothing to be like. It's very bad to stay in this hotel with family. Lots of prostituted in hotel Show more Show less Asif Kamadoli India Hala Inn Hotel Apartments - BAITHANS Ajman From CAD 87 per night 7.2 Good 1,216 reviews Nice hotel for vacation at very cheap price Show more Show less Almario United Arab Emirates Dream Palace Hotel Hotel in Ajman From CAD 55 per night 6.9 Review score 616 reviews I like the dream palace hotel it was nice Show more Show less Obinna Gabriel United Arab Emirates Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Ajman Hotel in Ajman From CAD 123 per night 8.2 Very good 4,982 reviews Cheap rate, good Hotel and good location Show more Show less Minerva Philippines Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Gulf Medical University Find the perfect hotel in Ajman with Gulf Medical University right on your doorstep. Hotels near Dubai International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Sharjah International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels in the United Arab Emirates Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels in Fujairah Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Umm Al Quwain Try another destination popular with our guests. Hotels in Abu Dhabi Take a look at hotels in Abu Dhabi and explore more of the United Arab Emirates. Hotels in Ras al Khaimah Discover another destination in the United Arab Emirates. Hotels near Dubai World Trade Centre Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Ajman Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|5,1866460,1847760|3,1847760,1871440,1846890,1833870,1870380|3,1870380