The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Hong Kong, Hong Kong - Hong Kong hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Hong Kong Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Hong Kong hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Hong Kong Hong Kong Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Hong Kong – 377 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates Nina Hotel Tsuen Wan West Hotel in Tsuen Wan District, Hong Kong Towering over Tsuen Wan District, the luxurious L'hotel Nina et Convention Centre provides modern rooms spread over 2 towers connected by a glass-bottom sky bridge. Show more 7.5 Good 4,612 reviews Price fromCAD 171.23per night Check availability Rambler Oasis Hotel Hotel in Tsing Yi, Hong Kong Boasting a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, Rambler Oasis Hotel features rooms with panoramic views of Rambler Channel. It has a themed garden and free shuttle to Maritime Shopping Centre. Show more 5.9 Above average 1,689 reviews Price fromCAD 65.43per night Check availability The Royal Garden Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Offering free Wi-Fi access, The Royal Garden is conveniently located within a few minutes’ walk from Victoria Harbour waterfront, The Clock Tower and the famous Avenue of Stars. Show more 7.9 Good 2,288 reviews Price fromCAD 178.63per night Check availability Page148, Page Hotels Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Offering air-conditioned rooms in the Tsim Sha Tsui district of Hong Kong, Page148 is 600 metres from Mira Place 1. This hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and a concierge service. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 2,742 reviews Price fromCAD 212.74per night Check availability The Cityview Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Next to Nathan Road in central Kowloon, The Cityview offers 4-star accommodation just a 1-minute walk from Yau Ma Tei MTR Station. Show more 7.5 Good 1,333 reviews Price fromCAD 124.53per night Check availability Butterfly on Wellington Boutique Hotel Central Hotel in Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong Blending traditional Oriental elegance with modern luxuries, Butterfly on Wellington Boutique Hotel offers boutique accommodation, 6 minutes’ walk from Central MTR Station. Show more 8.2 Very good 1,021 reviews Price fromCAD 195.45per night Check availability Regal Hongkong Hotel Hotel in Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong Regal Hongkong Hotel is located along Causeway Bay, a 5-minute walk from Causeway Bay MTR Station. This 5-star hotel boasts a rooftop pool, a state-of-the-art gym and spectacular city views. Show more 6.8 Pleasant 1,228 reviews Price fromCAD 198.47per night Check availability the Figo Hotel in Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong the Figo is located in the hub of Sheung Wan, a 4-minute walk from Sai Ying Pun MTR Station and 15-minute walk from Sheung Wan MTR Station. Show more 8.4 Very good 580 reviews Price fromCAD 217.93per night Check availability Grand Hyatt Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong Directly connected to the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC) and a 5-8 minute walk from Exhibition Centre MTR Station and Star Ferry Pier, the luxurious Grand Hyatt Hong Kong offers a... Show more 8.9 Fabulous 964 reviews Price fromCAD 451.43per night Check availability IND Hotel Hotel in Kwun Tong District, Hong Kong Attractively set in the Kwun Tong district of Hong Kong, IND Hotel is situated less than 500 metres away from MTR Ngau Tau Kok Station. Show more 7.0 Good 479 reviews Price fromCAD 122.63per night Check availability See all 408 hotels in Hong Kong Cheapest time to stay in Hong Kong In January you can stay in Hong Kong for an average price of CA$92 per night CA$230CA$184CA$138CA$92CA$46CA$0 CA$92 Jan CA$108 Feb CA$140 Mar CA$164 Apr CA$117 May CA$120 Jun CA$140 Jul CA$149 Aug CA$152 Sep CA$176 Oct CA$170 Nov CA$148 Dec Average prices per night for 3-star hotels in the last 12 months, based on check-in date Most booked hotels in Hong Kong in the past month See all The Kowloon Hotel Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong 7.3 Good · 2,713 reviews Ramada Hong Kong Grand Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong 5.6 Above average · 1,018 reviews Ramada Hong Kong Harbour View Hotel in Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong BEST WESTERN PLUS Hotel Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong 7.0 Good · 1,602 reviews Harbour Grand Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong 8.1 Very good · 2,959 reviews Best Western Hotel Causeway Bay Hotel in Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong 6.0 Pleasant · 1,018 reviews Four Points by Sheraton Hong Kong, Tung Chung Hotel in Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong 8.6 Fabulous · 1,985 reviews Nina Hotel Tsuen Wan West Hotel in Tsuen Wan District, Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong 7.5 Good · 4,612 reviews Disney Explorers Lodge Hotel in Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong 8.4 Very good · 2,799 reviews Best Western Plus Hotel Kowloon Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Popular with guests booking hotels in Hong Kong Hong Kong's best hotels with breakfast See all ALVA HOTEL BY ROYAL Hotel in Sha Tin District, Hong Kong Breakfast options Located in Hong Kong, 3.6 km from Che Kung Temple, ALVA HOTEL BY ROYAL provides accommodation with a fitness centre, private parking, a shared lounge and a restaurant. Clean, modern and super cozy. Staff is friendly too. Avg. price/night: CAD 210.69 8.2 Very good · 1,294 reviews Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour Hotel in Hong Kong Breakfast options Located in North Point on Hong Kong Island, Hyatt Centric Victoria Harbour boasts spectacular panoramic views of Victoria Harbour and direct access to the waterfront promenade. Good and convenient location to HK Exhibition Centre Avg. price/night: CAD 256.85 8.0 Very good · 1,725 reviews Disney Explorers Lodge Hotel in Hong Kong Breakfast options Disney Explorers Lodge offers accommodation in Hong Kong. The hotel has an outdoor pool and views of the sea, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant. Thanks for the warmth welcome and helpful cast member. Avg. price/night: CAD 804.79 8.4 Very good · 2,799 reviews Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel Hotel in Hong Kong Breakfast options Nestled along the shores of the South China Sea, Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel combines the splendour of a vintage seaside resort with the magic of Disney. Staff was polite Ambience was good Food was good 8.2 Very good · 2,145 reviews Hyatt Regency Hong Kong Tsim Sha Tsui Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Breakfast options Located in K11, one of the tallest skyscrapers in Kowloon, is Hyatt Regency Hong Kong, Tsim Sha Tsui. excellent cleaning service and staff at the lounge Avg. price/night: CAD 375.19 8.3 Very good · 1,014 reviews Hotel ICON Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Breakfast options Designed by famous local architects, the stylish Hotel ICON enjoys harbour views in Tsim Sha Tsui East Kowloon. It presents a rooftop outdoor heated pool, pampering spa services and a health club. The harbour view room was amazing. Staff were friendly and helpful Avg. price/night: CAD 363.58 8.7 Fabulous · 1,538 reviews InterContinental Grand Stanford Hong Kong, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Breakfast options Occupying a prime waterfront location overlooking Victoria Harbour, InterContinental Hong Kong features fitness facilities. Fantastic location, good basement, even if a little old. Avg. price/night: CAD 273.97 8.1 Very good · 1,388 reviews New World Millennium Hong Kong Hotel Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Breakfast options New World Millennium Hong Kong Hotel is located by the Victoria Harbour waterfront in the lively district of Tsim Sha Tsui East. The view of the executive lounge is very beautiful. Avg. price/night: CAD 308.22 8.2 Very good · 1,285 reviews Budget hotels in Hong Kong See all Nina Hotel Causeway Bay Hotel in Hong Kong Budget Hotel Conveniently located in bustling Causeway Bay district, just steps away from the Tin Hau station, this 37-storey urban hotel offers guests an extraordinary stay with 275 rooms and suites overlooking... Swim pool is nice , lucky is not busy when we there . Avg. price/night: CAD 179.79 8.0 Very good · 1,038 reviews Eaton HK Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Budget Hotel Nested in the heart of Kowloon, Eaton HK is a progressive hotel and cultural sanctuary that is easily accessible via public transportation. Very good value and location. Excellent breakfast. Avg. price/night: CAD 175.04 8.2 Very good · 2,179 reviews South Nest Hotel in Southern District, Hong Kong Budget Hotel Ideally situated in the Southern District district of Hong Kong, South Nest is situated 5 km from Ocean Park, 6.9 km from Happy Valley Racecourse and 7.5 km from Central Plaza. Joui and other staff were very helpful and accomodating. Avg. price/night: CAD 118.91 8.0 Very good · 138 reviews Y Hotel Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong Budget Hotel Featuring a terrace, Y Hotel Hong Kong offers rooms in Hong Kong, 1.2 km from Hong Kong Macau Ferry Terminal and 1.9 km from Central Star Ferry Pier. Comfortable beds Good location Nice shower & AC Avg. price/night: CAD 154.11 8.4 Very good · 251 reviews Hotel 1936 Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Budget Hotel Situated in Hong Kong, 600 metres from MTR Mong Kok Station, Hotel 1936 features views of the city. The 3-star hotel has air-conditioned rooms with a private bathroom and free WiFi. The location is perfect, plenty of food options around Avg. price/night: CAD 159.82 8.1 Very good · 815 reviews Burlington Hotel Hotel in Hong Kong Budget Hotel Burlington Hotel is a 4-star business hotel strategically located at the heart of Wanchai, a 2-minute walk from Wanchai MTR Station. Great location. This is the fifth time in this Hotel. Avg. price/night: CAD 134.71 8.1 Very good · 640 reviews Courtyard by Marriott Hong Kong Sha Tin Hotel in Sha Tin District, Hong Kong Budget Hotel Enjoying direct access to New Town Plaza, Courtyard by Marriott Hong Kong Sha Tin offers a free shuttle bus service to and from Shatin MTR Station. The cleanliness of the room, quality HSKP as always. Avg. price/night: CAD 154.11 8.2 Very good · 708 reviews Pentahotel Hong Kong, Tuen Mun Hotel in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong Budget Hotel Located in Tuen Mun and only a 5-minute walk from Tuen Mun MTR Station, pentahotel Hong Kong, Tuen Mun features guestrooms with vibrant interior designs and a signature pentalounge. Easy access to transport. Close to airport. Great value. Avg. price/night: CAD 98.93 7.9 Good · 1,117 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Hong Kong See all Grand Hyatt Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong Central location Directly connected to the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC) and a 5-8 minute walk from Exhibition Centre MTR Station and Star Ferry Pier, the luxurious Grand Hyatt Hong Kong offers a... I have Lost my AirPod. The House Keeping found it. Avg. price/night: CAD 496.57 8.9 Fabulous · 965 reviews Regent Hong Kong Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Central location Regent Hong Kong enjoys a prime location at the Victoria Harbour Waterfront, offering the city’s best harbourviews. 无论是对于我们的行程，还是整体的位置而言，都是非常好的位置。房型得到了免费的升级。员工服务也非常热情，早餐也不错。 Avg. price/night: CAD 684.93 8.9 Fabulous · 30 reviews The Murray, Hong Kong, a Niccolo Hotel Hotel in Hong Kong Central location Featuring sophisticated spacious suites and rooms across 25 storeys, The Murray, Hong Kong, a Niccolo Hotel offers accommodation in Hong Kong. Very good room service and the quality of breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 633.56 8.8 Fabulous · 266 reviews Island Shangri-La, Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong Central location Island Shangri-La, Hong Kong heralds a new era with the continuing launch of modernised guestrooms designed by renowned French interior designer Tristan Auer. Extremely friendly staff, very helpful. Beautiful rooms! Avg. price/night: CAD 627.85 8.8 Fabulous · 370 reviews The Fleming Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong Central location Renovated in October 2017, The Fleming Hong Kong boasts rooms in a classic style inspired by Hong Kong’s iconic cross-harbour ferries. Very pretty room esp the bathroom. I like the body lotion. Avg. price/night: CAD 475.65 8.8 Fabulous · 568 reviews The Putman Hotel in Hong Kong Central location The Putman is a luxurious boutique hotel designed by world renowned designer Andree Putman. It offers self-catering suites with chic neutral decorations. Free WiFi is available in all rooms. מיקום מעולה,דירה מאוד גדולה ונקייה.תמורה שווה למחיר Avg. price/night: CAD 479.45 8.7 Fabulous · 93 reviews The Salvation Army - Booth Lodge Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong Central location Renovated in 2014, the Salvation Army - Booth Lodge enjoys a central location on Nathan Road, Kowloon, just 2 minutes' walk from Yau Ma Tei MTR Station. Clean bed/towels. Above all, excellent staffs!! 8.7 Fabulous · 231 reviews Disney's Hollywood Hotel Hotel in Hong Kong Central location Combining stunning Art-Deco architecture with dash Disney magic, Disney’s Hollywood Hotel offers sophisticated accommodation located just near Hong Kong Disneyland. Nice big room. Very comfortable space with attentive staff. 8.7 Fabulous · 342 reviews FAQs about hotels in Hong Kong How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Hong Kong? On average, 3-star hotels in Hong Kong cost CAD 176 per night, and 4-star hotels in Hong Kong are CAD 216 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Hong Kong can on average be found for CAD 406 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Hong Kong for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Hong Kong this weekend is CAD 215 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 344. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Hong Kong for this weekend cost on average around CAD 616 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Hong Kong for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 141 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Hong Kong for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 221 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Hong Kong will cost around CAD 537 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Hong Kong are good for families? Many families visiting Hong Kong loved staying at Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong, The Ritz-Carlton Hong Kong and Hotel Madera Hollywood. What are the best hotels in Hong Kong near Repulse Bay? Some of the best hotels in Hong Kong near Repulse Bay include Hong Kong Ocean Park Marriott Hotel, Ovolo Southside and the Arca. What are the best hotels in Hong Kong near Hong Kong International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Hong Kong near Hong Kong International Airport (HKG) have said good things about Hong Kong SkyCity Marriott Hotel, Four Points by Sheraton Hong Kong, Tung Chung and Sheraton Hong Kong Tung Chung Hotel. What are the best hotels to stay in Hong Kong? K11 ARTUS, Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong and The Ritz-Carlton Hong Kong are some of the popular hotels in Hong Kong. What hotels in Hong Kong offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Hong Kong that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try The Ritz-Carlton Hong Kong, Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong and Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong. What hotels in Hong Kong are good for couples? These hotels in Hong Kong are highly rated by couples: The Landmark Mandarin Oriental, Hong Kong, The St. Regis Hong Kong and Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong. What hotels in Hong Kong have nice views? The Ritz-Carlton Hong Kong, Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong and K11 ARTUS have received great reviews from travellers in Hong Kong regarding the views from their hotel rooms. Style Amidst the Skyscrapers One of the world’s busiest and most populated cities, Hong Kong is best-known for its stunning skyline with over 1200 skyscrapers and its “East meets West” cultural mix. With architecture and interior design influenced by feng shui and modern technology, this city is truly unique. Hong Kong offers plenty of interesting city and thematic tours, ranging from cuisine-oriented, to architecture, to nature. The latter is particularly fascinating as Hong Kong has many amazing mountain landscapes, marine parks and the Tian Tan Buddha on Lantau Island is only a ferry ride away. Kowloon is a busy urban center near Victoria Harbour, where ferries are an excellent choice to see just how tall Hong Kong's buildings actually are. Excellent tax-free shopping can be found in high-class malls, boutiques and street markets. Hong Kongs’ unique cultural fusion is clearly seen, tasted and heard in the local food, like dim sum from Maxim's Palace or hot pot from street vendors complimented local Cantopop music in the backgound. Arriving at Hong Kong International Airport you’re only a short trip from the city centre. Whether you’re staying in a chic hotel or a budget hostel, Booking.com has the perfect accommodation for your Hong Kong holiday. Learn more about visiting Hong Kong 15 attractions 218 points of interest 43 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Hong Kong: 10 Hong Kong is a beautiful lovely place that is a must for... Hong Kong is a beautiful lovely place that is a must for travelers, Why? 1.It's a genuine world city! You can get the best of the best here in terms of food, nightlife, shopping and entertainment 2. Travel friendly options: Every place is thoughtfully connected. The MTR, buses are wonderfully interwoven so you don't need to engage an expensive cab and can travel everywhere round the clock! 3. Safety. Not once did we feel insecure or threatened. 4. Culture + Infrastructure. The place is so beautifully designed that you get the best of the east and the west 5. Friendly people. Locals were sweet and ever so helpful. Rajan India 10 Hong Kong is a very good place to visit if you want a varied... Hong Kong is a very good place to visit if you want a varied holiday, I enjoyed going to The Peak on the tram and walking in the country park there. I enjoyed going on the ferry to Lantau Island, then going on the bus to Tai O fishing and going on one of the boat tours there. I ate in different places, including Jordan, Sha Tin and Mui Wo, the food was always good. The transport is very good, the MTR is very efficient, though very busy in the rush hour, there are lots of buses and everyone should go on the Star Ferry and the Tram. Timothy United Kingdom 10 Hong Kong is not just an urban area. Hong Kong is not just an urban area. The city life is extremely civilized, People ARE polite, safe and responsive. Beyond the city there are so many amazing views, natural settings, mountains, beaches and Islands. Access to affordable quality and tasty food as well as excellent high end dining options. One of the last civilized city in the world. Marc Canada 10 Wide variety of things to see. Wide variety of things to see. Great range of places to eat. Very easy to get around. Very clean. People very polite and helpful. Lantau Island and Victoria Peak were highlights. This was a first visit so did the main attractions but next time would explore other islands and also parts of the New Territories. kcsb9 United Kingdom 8.0 Hong Kong is not what it used to be, many shops are closed,... Hong Kong is not what it used to be, many shops are closed, On Friday night we had hard time finding food place to be open at midnight. We end up in all places in pizza joint. At night Hong Kong is very lovely, city view from TST is great. Kutek 6.0 This a basic hotel. This a basic hotel. There is no lounge, gym, pool, or any other amenities, but the room was spacious, clean, quiet, and the bed was comfortable. Their "mini-bar" included bottled water, tea bags, and instant coffee. There was an electric kettle, 2 ceramic cups, 2 metal spoons, and 2 metal drinking cups. They provided daily cleaning service, and the front counter staff were very helpful. The hotel is located close to an indoor mall with lots of shopping and eating options. There was a free shuttle from this mall to a much larger mall. We went to the larger mall once but decided the small mall had everything we needed. We did not use public transportation during our stay. Doraine United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Hong Kong See all Renaissance Hong Kong Harbour View Hotel Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 296 per night 8.0 Very good 532 reviews It was my first visit to Hong Kong, so booked this hotel due to its location. Upon arrival I received a complimentary room upgrade with a Harbour view on 36th Floor. What a view it was. Come down the hotel and ferry to Kowloon was at short walk and I could see the fairy port from my window. Live music every night, a nice relaxing but busy lobby. Everything was at a walking distance. Staff very pleasant. I will for sure shay here again. Show more Show less Naveed United Kingdom Sleep Inn Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong From CAD 73 per night 8.6 Fabulous 49 reviews Small hotel on the 14th floor, there are 2 elevators to get there, not too long waiting time. The room is super small but somehow it fits the bill - everything is there, even hangers, tv, hair dryer and mini fridge. Location is great, next to metro, and also short walk to ferries (they are about 2 x cheaper to go to downtown than the metro). Thin walls, but was lucky with the neighbors who didn't abuse that. Would stay again. Show more Show less Arnis Latvia Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Causeway Bay, an IHG Hotel Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 156 per night 7.7 Good 1,043 reviews This hotel exceeded our expectations with the larger room size in a central Hong Kong location. Just steps away from public transport, shopping and food. Right behind Times Square, it is a brilliant location. Most of all, we were so pleased with the customer service from the front desk to the housekeeping staff. Everyone has been friendly, helpful and made our stay so comfortable. We will be back! Show more Show less May Australia Hotel Madera Hong Kong Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong From CAD 146 per night 7.8 Good 1,117 reviews The hotel’s location is great. A few steps from Nathan road, the main artery of Kowloon. This means thay bus stops and mtr stops are also nearby. The room was clean and spacious, and the linens/pillows were soft and comfortable. Plenty of hot water and it doesnt take long for the water heater to work. Receptionista were professional and courteous. All in all it was a great stay. Show more Show less Garth Philippines Bali Holiday Resort Hong Kong From CAD 85 per night 7.1 Good 290 reviews For how expensive hotel rooms can be in Hong Kong, and for how little you can get for "cheaper rooms," we were very happy with our time at this hotel. It far exceeded what we were expecting. The room was big enough, the bed was surprisingly comfortable, and it got nice and dark and cold when it was time to sleep. Also, good location. Show more Show less Jade Hong Kong The Silveri Hong Kong - MGallery Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 241 per night 8.3 Very good 546 reviews I would like to say I am very please of ther service of this hotel. I would like to thank all the staff especially Kate and Jay who has treated me very well during my stay at the hotel. I was very pleased by their act of service and from now on I will definitely come to this hotel again when I come to Hong Kong. Show more Show less sirichan Thailand Dorsett Wanchai, Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 138 per night 7.4 Good 772 reviews The family room has 2 queen beds so 4 adults can fit in comfortably. The staff are helpful and nice. Shuttle services to Central and Causeway Bay are available wvery hour until 6pm. If you like to rake the subway, there is a walkway connecting to the subway just outside the hotel. Show more Show less Roselin Pagunsan Philippines Best Western Plus Hotel Kowloon Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong From CAD 84 per night 5.5 Review score 1,365 reviews Excellent location and perfect for a quick visit to Hong Kong - Kowloon. Super easy access from and to the airport as one of the shuttle buses stops right at the hotel door. Plenty of places to eat around at late hours - context is very good. Show more Show less Paula Portugal Mini Central Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 77 per night 6.3 Review score 1,194 reviews Location! Location! Location! This is a low cost hotel in Central, there aren't many like it! Check in was quick and convenient. There is a large lobby with lots of chairs where you can sit and work or read, but eating is not allowed. Show more Show less Luite Netherlands Kew Green Hotel Wanchai Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 147 per night 7.7 Good 1,483 reviews Great location in Wan Chai, very central to exploring Hong Kong Island and visiting Kowloon. Good facilities, room was comfortable, pretty eccentric hotel. All in all good value for money. Show more Show less Brittany Australia Brighton Hotel Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 118 per night 7.4 Good 284 reviews Hotel have perfect location. Building is nearby 10 meters of Exit C from Wan Chai MTR Station. Hong Kong exhibition centre, shopping malls and many restaurants and nightlife is near. Show more Show less Alex Ra Russia Hotel 1936 Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong From CAD 137 per night 8.1 Very good 815 reviews This is an attempt at an art deco boutique hotel by the Hong Kong Gov't. I appreciate their efforts to do something creative and it is a cute hotel. It's pretty cheap, too. Show more Show less Eleanor Hong Kong The Hari Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 296 per night 8.7 Fabulous 866 reviews Amazing hotel in a great location and walking distance to both Causeway Bay and Wan Chai MTR stations. Staff are great and the breakfast is great too. Show more Show less Anna Australia Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 427 per night 8.2 Very good 2,145 reviews We always stay a few days at Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel whenever we’re in Hong Kong. Such a treat for kids and adults! Show more Show less Vanessa Philippines Rosewood Hong Kong Hotel in Yau Tsim Mong District, Hong Kong From CAD 1,211 per night 8.9 Fabulous 188 reviews I love the design of the hotel and the best view. Also, very friendly staff, Gary Ng, made our Hong Kong trip perfect. Show more Show less Louisa Australia Bishop Lei International House Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 93 per night 7.9 Good 1,017 reviews this is a lovely old style Hong Kong hotel in mid-levels. if you like a classic style, this has a bit. Show more Show less William United States Hennessy Hotel Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 129 per night 7.6 Good 50 reviews Good situation of the hotel between Causeway Bay and Wan Chai. Employee very helpful and nice. Show more Show less Viviane France Hotel Purple Hong Kong Hotel in Hong Kong From CAD 132 per night 7.5 Good 497 reviews My favorite hotel in Hong Kong, very clean and organized Show more Show less Paola Brazil Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Flights to Hong Kong Book your tickets for this popular flight route in just a few simple steps. Serviced Apartments in Hong Kong More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Hong Kong More great accommodation options for your trip. Hostels in Hong Kong More great accommodation options for your trip. Hotels in Tsim Sha Tsui Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Central District Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels near Hong Kong West Kowloon Station Book a hotel close to Hong Kong West Kowloon Station, perfect for easy access to local transport links. Hotels near Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Centre Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Hotels near Shekou Sea World Hotels close to a popular local landmark. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Hong Kong Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380|7,1870380,1870380|3,1847760|3,1866460,1847760,1833870,1871440,1846890