The 10 best holiday rentals in Montréal, Canada | Booking.com Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Holiday Rentals in Montréal For travellers looking to stay somewhere unique; your home-from-home accommodation awaits. Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home All holiday rentals Canada Quebec Montréal The 10 Best Holiday Rentals in Montréal, Canada Check out our pick of great short term rentals in Montréal Show hotels on map Filter by: Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates STUNNING condos on ST Denis Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Set 1.6 km from University of Quebec in Montreal UQAM, STUNNING condos on ST Denis offers accommodation with a terrace. There is a private entrance at the apartment for the convenience of those who stay. Free WiFi is available throughout the property and Berri Uqam Metro Station is 1.6 km away. Amr Canada Very clean apartment, has everything you need. Great location! Very close to grocery stores, restaurants, and everything! Very nice and responsive staff! Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 139 reviews Price from CAD 67 per night Check availability François-Denis Apartments Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal A recently renovated property, François-Denis Apartments is set in Montréal near Berri Uqam Metro Station, University of Quebec in Montreal UQAM and Percival Molson Memorial Stadium. Free WiFi is available throughout the property and private parking is available on site. All rooms are fitted with a balcony. Jeremiah United Kingdom Saint Denis is such a hip place, I loved it!! Show more Show less 9 Superb 322 reviews Price from CAD 84 per night Check availability Le Nomade MTL Old Montreal, Montréal In the Old Montreal district of Montréal, close to Clock Tower Beach, Le Nomade MTL features free WiFi and a washing machine. This recently renovated aparthotel is located 200 metres from Notre Dame Basilica Montreal and 300 metres from Place Jacques Cartier. Featuring a private entrance, the aparthotel allows guests to maintain their privacy. Wehuns Canada Perfect location. Clean modern house. Very convenient and close to lots of action and shops and also old port of Montreal. We loved it. Show more Show less 9 Superb 144 reviews Price from CAD 194 per night Check availability Le Se7t Penthouses Downtown Montreal, Montréal Set in the centre of Montréal, just 1.1 km from Bell Centre and 1.7 km from Underground City, Le Se7t Penthouses offers accommodation with pool views and free WiFi. The property has garden and city views, and is 1.8 km from Montreal Museum of Fine Arts. Boasting family rooms, this property also provides guests with a seasonal outdoor pool. susan United States The check in process was very smooth. The receptionist/host greeted us warmly, and was very nice as was the property manager. Show more Show less 9.1 Superb 157 reviews Price from CAD 305 per night Check availability Maison Sainte-Thérèse By Maisons & co 4 stars Old Montreal, Montréal Boasting a terrace and views of quiet street, Maison Sainte-Thérèse By Maisons & co is a sustainable aparthotel situated in Montréal, 1.2 km from Clock Tower Beach. This 4-star aparthotel offers a lift and luggage storage space. Montreal Convention Centre is 1 km away and Museum of Contemporary Art is 1.4 km from the aparthotel. Michael New Zealand Great location in the old city with easy walking to lots of restaurants. Loved the croissants every morning and Nespresso coffee in the room. Show more Show less 9 Superb 635 reviews Price from CAD 250 per night Check availability L'Adresse Botanique - 3 Rooms, up to 6 guests Montréal Situated in Montréal and within 1 km of Saputo Stadium, L'Adresse Botanique - 3 Rooms, up to 6 guests has a shared lounge, allergy-free rooms, and free WiFi. The property is around 1.1 km from Montreal Biodome, 4.7 km from Berri Uqam Metro Station and 4.9 km from University of Quebec in Montreal UQAM. The accommodation features a shared kitchen and a housekeeping service for guests. Erick Brazil Such a great experience in Montréal. The place is very conveniently located, a few minutes from the Pie-X metro station and many bus lines as well. It is neat and clean, with all the amenities of a complete home. Jean-Pierre and Sarah welcomed us since the first contact, and were very attentive to the details. I couldn't recommend it more. Show more Show less 9.3 Superb 120 reviews Price from CAD 80 per night Check availability Maison Saint-Vincent By Maisons & co 4 stars Old Montreal, Montréal Situated within 1.2 km of Clock Tower Beach and 200 metres of Place Jacques Cartier in Montréal, Maison Saint-Vincent By Maisons & co features accommodation with free WiFi and seating area. This sustainable aparthotel is located 500 metres from Notre Dame Basilica Montreal and less than 1 km from Old Port of Montreal. The accommodation provides a shared kitchen, and luggage storage for guests. Helene Australia Property was exactly as we had expected. We had 3 rooms booked- 2 on Level 3 & 1 on Level 2. Rooms were well stocked. We had not had experience with a "Virtual Check-in"before, but receiving the check-in codes with wi-fi passwords prior to check in made the process easier & smooth. As we were arriving early into Montreal, we were able to leave luggage in a secure area, prior to check in. Rooms were clean. Good information available on the in- room IPads. Great location in the centre of the old town. When we contacted staff through text messaging, we always had a prompt reply to our questions. We were also able to have taxi's booked through the property staff, which was great when we needed to get to the airport. Show more Show less 9 Superb 762 reviews Price from CAD 200 per night Check availability Maison Des Jardins B & B 4 stars Downtown Montreal, Montréal Located in the Gay Village of Montreal, Maison Des Jardins B & B is 7 minutes' walk from Beaudry Metro Station. It offers air-conditioned rooms. A flat-screen TV is included in each room. Some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day. A garden-terrace and outdoor hot tub are available for guests. Rooms are fitted with a private or shared bathroom. Marta Poland Amazing atmosphere, delicious breakfast! Show more Show less 9.5 Exceptional 393 reviews Price from CAD 160 per night Check availability Bed and Breakfast du Village BBV 3 stars Downtown Montreal, Montréal Located in the heart of Montreal’s gay village, Bed and Breakfast du Village – BBV is within 5 minutes’ walk of restaurants, shops and public transportation. A terrace and breakfast area are among shared facilities at B&B du Village. Private parking is available with surcharge. Jennifer Australia This Bed and Breakfast is amazing, 12 out of 10 Show more Show less 9.6 Exceptional 329 reviews Price from CAD 140 per night Check availability Apart Hotel Montreal by Les Terrasses Saint Urbain 4 stars Downtown Montreal, Montréal ApartHotelMontreal is a self-catering accommodation located in Montréal, near the Plateau-Mont-Royal neighbourhood. Free Wi-Fi access is available. Fully furnished units include a full kitchen with dishwasher, kitchenware and linens. A flat-screen cable TV, local calls and laundry facilities are also available in each unit. Kris United Arab Emirates Everything about our stay was exceptional! The communication in advance from Cristina (the property manager) was fantastic and allowed for a very smooth process for checking in and leaving. She spent time going over a map with us and showing us different spots to hit up for groceries, breakfast, etc. Given this was our first trip to Montreal, we really appreciated that. We were in apt 201 and it was just fabulous with everything our family of 4 needed for the week, with laundry facilities, a balcony, access to a rooftop terrace with a BBQ, an elevator (super helpful when you've got 6-8 suitcases to manage). The location is also really good with an IGA grocery store an easy 10 minute walk away, among many other great shops. We walked pretty much everywhere (driving is a bit of a nightmare due to all the construction and one way streets and a serious lack of parking) and it was a fabulous way to take in all the city has to offer. We rented a car for 2 days and Cristina was able to provide a parking spot in the garage for this time which is huge!! We work overseas, living in extreme heat so coffee on the balcony in the morning was our favourite. (Picture provided in review). Cristina goes out of her way to ensure your time there is enjoyable even going so far as to help us in organizing our airport transfer on our last day. We've stayed in many Airbnb and aparthotels Internationally and this place is by far the best experience we've had! We would definitely jump at the chance to stay here again. Show more Show less 9.2 Superb 512 reviews Price from CAD 235.45 per night Check availability All holiday rentals in Montréal Holiday Rentals in Montréal: things to know Popular neighbourhood Downtown Montreal Popular months October, September, November Average stay 2 nights Average price per night CAD 195 Available holiday rentals in Montréal 466 Most booked holiday rentals in Montréal this month See all Le Square Phillips Hôtel & Suites Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal 8.8 Fabulous · 3255 holiday rental reviews Hôtel Saint-Laurent Montréal Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal 8.0 Very good · 2794 holiday rental reviews Pierce Boutique Apartments by Simplissimmo Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal 8.0 Very good · 1449 holiday rental reviews Residence Inn by Marriott Montréal Downtown Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal 8.1 Very good · 692 holiday rental reviews Dr. Penfield by Bouticstay Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal SpringHill Suites by Marriott Old Montreal Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal 7.7 Good · 661 holiday rental reviews Maison Saint-Vincent By Maisons & co Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal 9.0 Superb · 762 holiday rental reviews Maison Sainte-Thérèse By Maisons & co Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal 9.0 Superb · 635 holiday rental reviews Stanley Court Apartments by Simplissimmo Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal 7.7 Good · 621 holiday rental reviews Sonder Le Guerin Holiday Rental in Montréal Popular with guests booking holiday rentals in Montréal 8.5 Very good · 544 holiday rental reviews Enjoy breakfast at holiday rentals in Montréal! See all Bed and Breakfast du Village BBV Downtown Montreal, Montréal Breakfast options Located in the heart of Montreal’s gay village, Bed and Breakfast du Village – BBV is within 5 minutes’ walk of restaurants, shops and public transportation. This Bed and Breakfast is amazing, 12 out of 10 Show more Show less From CAD 140 per night 9.6 Exceptional 329 reviews Chambre privé a mtl Montréal Breakfast options Boasting air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony, Chambre privé a mtl is situated in Montréal. This apartment also has a private pool. Show more Show less From CAD 405 per night Heaven Is A Place On Earth Montréal Breakfast options Situated in Montréal, 5.1 km from Montreal Biodome and 10 km from Berri Uqam Metro Station, Heaven Is A Place On Earth offers a garden and air conditioning. Nice place to stay, clean and well located Show more Show less From CAD 67 per night 7.2 Good 36 reviews STUNNING condos on ST Denis Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Breakfast options Set 1.6 km from University of Quebec in Montreal UQAM, STUNNING condos on ST Denis offers accommodation with a terrace. Very clean apartment, has everything you need. Great location! Show more Show less From CAD 67 per night 9.3 Superb 139 reviews François-Denis Apartments Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Breakfast options A recently renovated property, François-Denis Apartments is set in Montréal near Berri Uqam Metro Station, University of Quebec in Montreal UQAM and Percival Molson Memorial Stadium. Saint Denis is such a hip place, I loved it!! Show more Show less From CAD 84 per night 9.0 Superb 322 reviews Le Nomade MTL Old Montreal, Montréal Breakfast options In the Old Montreal district of Montréal, close to Clock Tower Beach, Le Nomade MTL features free WiFi and a washing machine. Perfect location. Clean modern house. Show more Show less From CAD 194 per night 9.0 Superb 144 reviews Le Se7t Penthouses Downtown Montreal, Montréal Breakfast options Set in the centre of Montréal, just 1.1 km from Bell Centre and 1.7 km from Underground City, Le Se7t Penthouses offers accommodation with pool views and free WiFi. The check in process was very smooth. Show more Show less From CAD 305 per night 9.1 Superb 157 reviews L'Adresse Botanique - 3 Rooms, up to 6 guests Montréal Breakfast options Situated in Montréal and within 1 km of Saputo Stadium, L'Adresse Botanique - 3 Rooms, up to 6 guests has a shared lounge, allergy-free rooms, and free WiFi. Such a great experience in Montréal. Show more Show less From CAD 80 per night 9.3 Superb 120 reviews These holiday rentals in Montréal have options with FREE cancellation See all Maison Sainte-Thérèse By Maisons & co Old Montreal, Montréal Free cancellation options available Boasting a terrace and views of quiet street, Maison Sainte-Thérèse By Maisons & co is a sustainable aparthotel situated in Montréal, 1.2 km from Clock Tower Beach. Great location in the old city with easy walking to lots of restaurants. Show more Show less From CAD 250 per night 9.0 Superb 635 reviews 4 Bedrooms Beautiful Townhouse Montréal Free cancellation options available Situated in Montréal in the Quebec region, 4 Bedrooms Beautiful Townhouse has a patio. It was large enough for all 8 of us to stay comfortably. Show more Show less From CAD 577.12 per night 9.1 Superb 26 reviews The Holland Hotel by Simplissimmo Downtown Montreal, Montréal Free cancellation options available The Holland Hotel by Simplissimmo has air-conditioned guest accommodation in Montréal, 700 metres from Bell Centre, less than 1 km from Underground City and a 3-minute walk from Ogilvy. The loft was huge!! I had an amazing time with my family. Show more Show less From CAD 559.30 per night 9.2 Superb 10 reviews Les Lofts du Plateau Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal Free cancellation options available Les Lofts du Plateau has air-conditioned guest accommodation in Montréal, 2.3 km from Percival Molson Memorial Stadium, 3.1 km from IGA Stadium and 3.1 km from Mount Royal Park. Beautiful large apartment, nicely decorated and comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 214.50 per night 9.1 Superb 12 reviews Pierce Boutique Apartments by Simplissimmo Downtown Montreal, Montréal Free cancellation options available Forever looking for new opportunities to present our guests with unforgettable and illustrious experiences, Simplissimmo decided to restore, renovate and transform entire floors of a nearly... Everything about it.. location and the apt Show more Show less From CAD 141.96 per night 8.0 Very good 1,449 reviews Hotel Rasco - Old Montreal Old Montreal, Montréal Free cancellation options available A recently renovated property, Hotel Rasco - Old Montreal is located in Montréal near Clock Tower Beach, Notre Dame Basilica Montreal and Place Jacques Cartier. Very nice place. Perfect location , close to all atraction. Show more Show less From CAD 97 per night 8.1 Very good 287 reviews WERFY Luxury Apart-Hotel Downtown Montreal, Montréal Free cancellation options available Located in Montréal centre, 2.8 km from Clock Tower Beach and 1.1 km from Bell Centre, WERFY Luxury Apart-Hotel provides accommodation with free WiFi and a balcony. furniture，equipment，design，cleanliness, convenience Show more Show less From CAD 182.96 per night 8.6 Fabulous 273 reviews Bakan- Palais des Congres, Convention Centre Downtown Montreal, Montréal Free cancellation options available Bakan- Palais des Congres, Convention Centre is set in the Chinatown district of Montréal, 200 metres from Montreal Convention Centre, 400 metres from Museum of Contemporary Art and 600 metres from... Great location,clean facilities,spacious rooms, it really makes me like at home. Show more Show less From CAD 138.60 per night 8.1 Very good 790 reviews Highly rated holiday rentals in Montréal See all Apart Hotel Montreal by Les Terrasses Saint Urbain Downtown Montreal, Montréal 8.0+ review score ApartHotelMontreal is a self-catering accommodation located in Montréal, near the Plateau-Mont-Royal neighbourhood. Free Wi-Fi access is available. Everything about our stay was exceptional! Show more Show less From CAD 235.45 per night 9.2 Superb 512 reviews 1 min to metro, new condo, lovely cozy studio Montréal 8.0+ review score Located in Montréal, 3.2 km from Bell Centre and 3.3 km from Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, 1 min to metro, new condo, lovely cozy studio provides air-conditioned accommodation with a balcony and free... Nice and modern unit. Studio unit, but still plenty spacious. Show more Show less From CAD 70 per night 9.0 Superb 31 reviews mtlFlats - Condotel Le Luxe Plateau Mont Royal, Montréal 8.0+ review score Set in Montréal and only 2.1 km from Clock Tower Beach, mtlFlats - Condotel Le Luxe offers accommodation with city views, free WiFi and free private parking. The apartment is really nice and huge, offering everything you need for a week-long stay. Show more Show less From CAD 328 per night 9.3 Superb 6 reviews Griffintown Hôtel Downtown Montreal, Montréal 8.0+ review score Situated in Montréal, 2.9 km from Clock Tower Beach and 1.8 km from the centre, Griffintown Hôtel features air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi, and a garden. The price you pay is more than reasonable for what you get, also the metro is so close within... Show more Show less From CAD 189 per night 8.6 Fabulous 272 reviews Les Lofts du Centre by Simplissimmo Montréal 8.0+ review score 3.2 km from Underground City, Les Lofts du Centre by Simplissimmo is a sustainable property located in Montréal and provides air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and private parking. It was spacious, clean and so very comfortable. Show more Show less From CAD 150.36 per night 8.2 Very good 402 reviews Sonder at Penny Lane Old Montreal, Montréal 8.0+ review score In the Old Montreal district of Montréal, close to Clock Tower Beach, Sonder at Penny Lane has free WiFi and a washing machine. This 4-star aparthotel offers a lift. Stylish, comfortable, great central location. Show more Show less From CAD 206.43 per night 8.3 Very good 617 reviews Gite du Survenant Montreal Hochelaga-Maisonneuve, Montréal 8.0+ review score Set within 700 metres of Montreal Biodome and 1.2 km of Saputo Stadium in Montréal, Gite du Survenant Montreal offers accommodation with seating area. location, comfort, convenience Show more Show less From CAD 82 per night 8.5 Very good 243 reviews Boutique Notre Dame Old Montreal, Montréal 8.0+ review score Boutique Notre Dame is set in Montréal, 100 metres from Notre Dame Basilica Montreal. Place Jacques Cartier is 400 metres away. Free WiFi is available . location, decorations, equipments Show more Show less From CAD 166 per night 8.0 Very good 609 reviews FAQs about holiday rentals in Montréal How much does it cost to stay in a holiday rental in Montréal? On average, a holiday rental in Montréal costs CAD 210 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a holiday rental in Montréal for this weekend? The average price per night for a holiday rental in Montréal for this weekend is CAD 330 (based on Booking.com prices). How much would a holiday rental in Montréal cost for tonight? The average price of a holiday rental in Montréal for this evening is CAD 300 (based on Booking.com prices). Which holiday rentals in Montréal are good for families? Many families visiting Montréal enjoyed staying at Luxury home in downtown Montreal, ReUnion and Le saint-Denis Jarry. What are the best holiday rentals in Montréal near Old Port of Montreal? Some of the best holiday rentals in Montréal near Old Port of Montreal include Le Nomade MTL, STUNNING Old Port lofts and Old Montreal Luxury Lofts. What are some of the best holiday rentals for stays in Montréal? Bed and Breakfast du Village BBV, Maison Des Jardins B & B and STUNNING condos on ST Denis are some of our most popular holiday rentals in Montréal. Which holiday rentals in Montréal offer an especially good breakfast? For holiday rentals in Montréal that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try Jules & Jim, Gite L'Imprévu and A La Carte Bed & Breakfast. Which holiday rentals in Montréal are good for couples? These holiday rentals in Montréal are highly rated by couples: Le saint-Denis Jarry, La Maison Dumas - Old Port Gem - FREE Parking and Jules & Jim. What holiday rentals in Montréal have nice views? Le Se7t Penthouses, Le Nomade MTL and STUNNING condos on ST Denis have received great reviews from guests in Montréal regarding the views from these holiday rentals. Holiday rentals that guests love in Montréal See all LELUX Hotel Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 99 5.9 Review score 1,140 reviews The location was great. Centrally located to the gay village and within walking distance of Old Montreal and other attractions. Show more Show less Randy SuddsGroup Faubourg Ste Cath Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 57.60 6.9 Review score 187 reviews I loved the location, it was perfectly situated in The Village, directly across from a market, with easy parking and metro access and lots of nearby restaurants and bars. The bed was comfortable and the room was a fair size. Show more Show less ArianaYoung couple Faubourg Ste Cath Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 57.60 6.9 Review score 187 reviews At least it had a roof that didn't leak, a toilet that flushed, and a fairly well-stocked kitchen. Proximity to the gay village was lovely and there's a great supermarket directly opposite. The AC was loud enough to drown out the neighbours and basement cabaret. Show more Show less ChiaraYoung couple Hyatt Place Montreal - Downtown Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 183.92 8.3 Very good 1,506 reviews Location to gay village. Room. Mini fridge. Coffee maker. Safe. Bed. Secure floor/key card. Parking. Front checking team. Breakfast. Show more Show less DavidYoung couple Maison Des Jardins B & B Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 160 9.5 Exceptional 393 reviews Very nice place in the Village! Kind, open and helpful hosts who prepare a fresh breakfast for the guest every morning. Would always come back here again! Show more Show less RamonaYoung couple Hotel Saint-Andre Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 125 6.8 Review score 858 reviews Great location to The Village Show more Show less JohnSolo traveller Hyatt Place Montreal - Downtown Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 183.92 8.3 Very good 1,506 reviews Great location to the village and very clean hotel- front desk staff amazing and breakfast was good Show more Show less SonzogniYoung couple Hyatt Place Montreal - Downtown Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 183.92 8.3 Very good 1,506 reviews Location is great for gay village and close to metro etc. breakfast is excellent and hotel has totally been renovated from the old Gouverneur. Show more Show less TRUNGYoung couple Hotel Zero 1 Montreal Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 152.10 7.9 Good 2,114 reviews Location is great, especially to commute from/to airport and walk downtown/village/Chinatown/Old Montréal. Spacious and modern room, the high floors have a great view. Show more Show less RamiSolo traveller Travelodge by Wyndham Montreal Centre Holiday Rental in Montréal Avg. price/night: CAD 134.10 6.6 Review score 3,029 reviews The most thing we love about travelodge is the location,everything is close to property restaurNt,Bus stop,Metro Train Station,notre Dame Basilica,St.Patrick church ,The Village,china Town Old Montreal etc Show more Show less MarinaFamily with young children Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels in Montréal Looking for an alternative to a holiday rental? Check out some of the best hotels in the city. Hostels in Montréal More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Montréal More great accommodation options for your trip. Holiday Rentals in Laval Find more hotels in a city close to Laval. Holiday Rentals in Plattsburgh Find more hotels in a city close to Plattsburgh. Hotels near Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Montréal/St-Hubert Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Car hire in Montréal Hire a car and hit the road. Flights from London to Montréal Find and compare the best flights. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1859450|1,1859450,1867410,1871440,1860250,1846950