The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Paris, France - Paris hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Paris Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Paris hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels France Ile de France Paris Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Paris – 2,243 hotels and places to stay Our top picksLowest price firstStar rating and priceTop reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates ibis budget Paris Porte De Montmartre Hotel in 18th arr., Paris Located in the north of Paris near Boulevard Périphérique, ibis Budget Paris Porte De Montmartre is just a 10-minute walk from Porte de Saint-Ouen Metro Station. Stade de France Stadium is 4 km away. Show more 6.1 Pleasant 8,567 reviews Price fromCAD 100.14per night Check availability Mercure Paris Centre Tour Eiffel Hotel in 15th arr., Paris This Paris hotel is located just a 2-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, near Trocadéro and the River Seine. Show more 7.4 Good 4,159 reviews Price fromCAD 307.57per night Check availability Hôtel Saint-Charles Hotel in 13th arr., Paris Located in the Butte-aux-Cailles quarter of Paris, just 1 km from Parc Montsouris, this hotel offers air-conditioned rooms and a bar with a terrace. Show more 8.2 Very good 4,179 reviews Price fromCAD 177.95per night Check availability Novotel Paris Les Halles Hotel in 1st arr., Paris The Novotel Paris Les Halles is situated in the heart of Paris. From this hotel, you can go shopping in the nearby districts of Rue de Rivoli, Boulevard Haussmann or Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honore. Show more 8.6 Fabulous 4,862 reviews Price fromCAD 418.89per night Check availability Hôtel Bedford Hotel in 8th arr., Paris Hôtel Bedford is located in central Paris, between the Champs Elysees and Opera Garnier. It offers free fiber WiFi access and a gourmet restaurant with Belle Epoque decor. Show more 8.3 Very good 2,354 reviews Price fromCAD 336.87per night Check availability Elysées Ceramic Hotel in 8th arr., Paris This Art Nouveau-style hotel is just a 5-minute walk from Avenue Champs Elysées. Centrally located near the main sights, it offers a 24-hour reception. Show more 8.3 Very good 4,017 reviews Price fromCAD 241.66per night Check availability Campanile Paris 15 - Tour Eiffel Hotel in 15th arr., Paris Campanile Paris 15 - Tour Eiffel is a 10-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars. It offers rooms with simple décor and free Wi-Fi access. The rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV. 6.5 Pleasant 1,647 reviews Price fromCAD 151.15per night Check availability Palym Hotel in 12th arr., Paris Hotel Palym is located on a quiet street just 2 minutes from Gare de Lyon and a 15-minute walk from AccorHotels Arena. It offers modern accommodation with Wi-Fi access. Show more 8.2 Very good 4,127 reviews Price fromCAD 205.05per night Check availability WIT Hotel Hotel in 9th arr., Paris WIT Hotel is a 15-minute walk from Paris’s Opera Garnier and the Galeries Lafayette. It offers air-conditioned rooms that are serviced by a lift and have a TV and internet access. Show more 7.1 Good 2,910 reviews Price fromCAD 174.07per night Check availability Crowne Plaza Paris République, an IHG Hotel Hotel in 11th arr., Paris This 19th-century building with its striking façade is the home of the Crowne Plaza Paris République, a 4-star hotel situated at Place de la République. Show more 7.9 Good 1,459 reviews Price fromCAD 303.47per night Check availability See all 2720 hotels in Paris Most booked hotels in Paris in the past month See all HotelF1 Paris Saint Ouen Marché Aux Puces Hotel in 18th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 6.3 Pleasant · 13,362 reviews ibis budget Paris Porte De Montmartre Hotel in 18th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 6.1 Pleasant · 8,568 reviews hotelF1 Paris Porte de Châtillon Hotel in 14th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 7.2 Good · 13,229 reviews B&B HOTEL Paris 17 Batignolles Hotel in 17th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 7.9 Good · 11,853 reviews Holiday Inn Paris Gare de l'Est, an IHG Hotel Hotel in 10th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 7.7 Good · 5,828 reviews ibis Budget Paris La Villette 19ème Hotel in 19th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 7.2 Good · 11,150 reviews B&B HOTEL Paris Porte des Lilas Hotel in 19th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 7.8 Good · 12,024 reviews ibis Styles Paris Bercy Hotel in 12th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 7.4 Good · 8,290 reviews MEININGER Hotel Paris Porte de Vincennes Hotel in 12th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 7.8 Good · 8,088 reviews Ibis Paris Tour Eiffel Cambronne 15ème Hotel in 15th arr., Paris Popular with guests booking hotels in Paris 7.5 Good · 9,369 reviews Paris's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Villa Romantic & Spa Hotel in 13th arr., Paris Breakfast options Villa Romantic is located in Paris, 2.2 km from AccorHotels Arena and 3.1 km from Notre Dame Cathedral. Every room has a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom. Free WiFi is provided. Spa was lovely. The courtyard was nice. Very clean. Avg. price/night: CAD 332.47 9.0 Superb · 1,076 reviews Hotel Joke - Astotel Hotel in 9th arr., Paris Breakfast options Located in the 9th district of Paris, just a 3-minute walk from the Moulin Rouge, Hotel Joke – Astotel offers a 24-hour front desk, concierge service and free WiFi access throughout. Lovely staff, spacious and clean room, good location Avg. price/night: CAD 219.70 9.0 Superb · 1,162 reviews Philéas Lazare & Spa Hotel in 9th arr., Paris Breakfast options Located in the 9th district of Paris, just a 10-minute walk from Opera Garnier and the Galeries Lafayette, Philéas Lazare & Spa Hotel offers a hammam and a gym, as well as a 24-hour reception,... Everything & especially tea time! A lovely touch! Avg. price/night: CAD 341.26 9.0 Superb · 1,542 reviews Le 123 Sébastopol - Astotel Hotel in 2nd arr., Paris Breakfast options Located in the 2nd district of Paris, just 150 metres from Réamur-Sébastopol Metro Station, 123 Sébastopol offers a terrace, 24-hour reception and luggage storage. Cleanliness, friendly staff, location, restaurant. Avg. price/night: CAD 303.18 9.0 Superb · 1,416 reviews Hôtel Le Relais des Halles Hotel in 1st arr., Paris Breakfast options Located in a pedestrian street in the centre of Paris, Hôtel Le Relais des Halles Paris is 500 metres from the Georges Pompidou Museum. Great location and the staff were so helpful and friendly! Avg. price/night: CAD 488.60 9.1 Superb · 1,288 reviews Hôtel Fabric Hotel in 11th arr., Paris Breakfast options Located in the 11th district of Paris, Hôtel Fabric is a former textile factory that now functions as a hotel. lovely decor, amazing facilities and friendly staff Avg. price/night: CAD 427.67 9.2 Superb · 1,100 reviews Le Basile Hôtel Hotel in 9th arr., Paris Breakfast options Located in the 9th Arrondissement in Paris, Hotel Basile is a 2-minute walk from Place de la Madeleine and 600 metres from Opéra Garnier. comfortable bed in cozy room. Stuff super friendly Avg. price/night: CAD 336.87 9.0 Superb · 1,546 reviews Hôtel de Roubaix Hotel in 3rd arr., Paris Breakfast options Set in the heart of Paris’ third arrondissement, just 300 metres from the Musée des Arts et Métiers, this hotel offers free Wi-Fi access. Réaumur-Sébastopol Metro Station is a 2-minute walk away. Nice atmosphere, helpful staff and great location. Avg. price/night: CAD 210.91 9.0 Superb · 4,735 reviews Budget hotels in Paris See all ibis Daumesnil Porte Doree Hotel in 12th arr., Paris Budget Hotel The ibis Daumesnil Porte Doree is located just outside the Bois de Vincennes forest and 450 metres from Porte de Charenton metro and tram stations. It offers a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi access. clean, modern hotel. lovely safe well connected area. Avg. price/night: CAD 137.57 8.0 Very good · 1,141 reviews Hotel des Vosges Hotel in 20th arr., Paris Budget Hotel Located in the 20th district of Paris, just 700 metres from Père Lachaise Cemetery, Hotel des Vosges offers a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi access. huge room very helpful and nice staff super clean Avg. price/night: CAD 138.41 8.0 Very good · 1,268 reviews Kyriad Hotel XIII Italie Gobelins Hotel in 13th arr., Paris Budget Hotel Kyriad Hotel XIII Italie Gobelins is located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris. It offers en suite rooms with Wi-Fi access just 100 metres from Gobelins Metro Station. clean, staff is kind, the location is very convenient Avg. price/night: CAD 153.79 8.0 Very good · 4,288 reviews Holiday Inn Paris-Auteuil, an IHG Hotel Hotel in 16th arr., Paris Budget Hotel Located in a Haussmannien-style building, this hotel offers modern rooms with free Wi-Fi, LCD TV and air conditioning. Porte de Saint-Cloud Metro Station is 100 metres away. perfect hotel if you’re planning to go to the PSG’s matche Avg. price/night: CAD 238.74 8.5 Very good · 1,235 reviews ibis Budget Paris Nord 18ème Hotel in 18th arr., Paris Budget Hotel Situated in Paris, 3.4 km from Stade de France, ibis Budget Paris Nord 18ème features accommodation with a garden, private parking, a shared lounge and a terrace. Compact Triple Room. Good breakfast with no limit. Avg. price/night: CAD 102.32 6.9 Pleasant · 3,462 reviews Hotel Luna Park Hotel in 11th arr., Paris Budget Hotel Set in a lively district, Hotel Luna Park is situated in Paris, a 10-minute walk from Place de la République and the Canal Saint Martin. Price, cleanliness, location, high level of service Avg. price/night: CAD 166.97 7.9 Good · 5,049 reviews Hôtel Média Hotel in 13th arr., Paris Budget Hotel Situated in Paris, 1.9 km from Luxembourg Gardens, Hôtel Média features rooms with city views and free WiFi. Friendly staff. Close to things especially the metros. Avg. price/night: CAD 146.32 6.0 Pleasant · 1,614 reviews Hotel Europe BLV Hotel in 11th arr., Paris Budget Hotel Hotel de L'Europe Belleville offers accommodation in central Paris, 150 metres from Belleville Metro Station and a 15-minute walk from Place de la République. Really nice place and the family who is running it Avg. price/night: CAD 79.09 4.9 Disappointing · 2,781 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Paris See all Cheval Blanc Paris & Dior Spa Cheval Blanc Paris Hotel in 1st arr., Paris Central location Boasting a bar, Cheval Blanc Paris & Dior Spa Cheval Blanc Paris is situated in Paris in the Ile de France region, 400 metres from Louvre Museum and 400 metres from Sainte-Chapelle. There’s nothing not to like. It’s luxury to the next level. 9.5 Exceptional · 204 reviews Le Grand Mazarin Hotel in 4th arr., Paris Central location Located in Paris and with Pompidou Centre reachable within 700 metres, Le Grand Mazarin provides concierge services, non-smoking rooms, a terrace, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. A unique property full of character and Charisma. Wonderful location. Avg. price/night: CAD 938.32 9.3 Superb · 22 reviews Les Rives de Notre-Dame Hotel in 5th arr., Paris Central location Situated in the Latin Quarter facing Sainte-Chapelle, Les Rives de Notre-Dame offers traditional Parisian style accommodation in the romantic centre of Paris. Beautiful interior design, lovely staff and stunning room Avg. price/night: CAD 556.56 9.3 Superb · 423 reviews Hôtel Fougère Hotel in 6th arr., Paris Central location This chic hotel is just a 2-minute walk from the prestigious Saint Germain shopping boulevard and the metro station. perfect location yet quiet; super-comfy beds, air con Avg. price/night: CAD 497.98 9.3 Superb · 164 reviews Hôtel L de Lutèce Hotel in 4th arr., Paris Central location The Hotel de Lutèce, a beautiful 17th century building, is located on the Ile Saint-Louis, just a 10-minute walk from the Panthéon and the Georges Pompidou Centre. Rooms and breakfast were good and location is nice. Avg. price/night: CAD 301.71 9.2 Superb · 66 reviews Hôtel de Joséphine BONAPARTE Hotel in 4th arr., Paris Central location Set in a 17th-century convent, this hotel is located in the heart of the historical Marais district in central Paris. It offers individually-decorated rooms with free Wi-Fi access. Ambience, comfy rooms, location and very helpful staff Avg. price/night: CAD 432.07 9.2 Superb · 430 reviews Hôtel Le Presbytère Hotel in 4th arr., Paris Central location Hôtel Le Presbytère is set in a former presbytery. It is located in the centre of Paris, a mere 300 metres from the famous Pompidou Centre and 350 metres from Les Halles shopping centre. Clean , good location .All the staff were delightful . Avg. price/night: CAD 420.35 9.2 Superb · 1,306 reviews Hotel Dupond-Smith Hotel in 4th arr., Paris Central location Hôtel Dupond-Smith is located in the Marais area in central Paris. It offers individually decorated rooms with design features. The location, the staff, the facilities, breakfast Avg. price/night: CAD 613.68 9.1 Superb · 358 reviews FAQs about hotels in Paris How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Paris? On average, 3-star hotels in Paris cost CAD 326 per night, and 4-star hotels in Paris are CAD 494 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Paris can on average be found for CAD 1,298 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Paris for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Paris this weekend is CAD 286 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 427. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Paris for this weekend cost on average around CAD 1,067 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Paris for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 276 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Paris for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 409 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Paris will cost around CAD 1,036 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Paris are good for families? Many families visiting Paris loved staying at Bulgari Hotel Paris, Hôtel des Arts Montmartre and Château Voltaire. What are the best hotels in Paris near Eiffel Tower? Some of the best hotels in Paris near Eiffel Tower include Relais12bis Bed & Breakfast By Eiffel Tower, Résidence Charles Floquet and Maison Villeroy. What are the best hotels in Paris near Paris - Charles de Gaulle Airport? Travellers who stayed in Paris near Paris - Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) have said good things about Novotel Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, Pullman Paris Roissy Cdg Airport and ibis Styles Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport. What are the best hotels to stay in Paris? Hôtel des Arts Montmartre, Quinzerie hôtel and Hôtel Fabric are some of the popular hotels in Paris. What hotels in Paris offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Paris that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try La Planque Hotel, Maison Mère and Le Basile Hôtel. What hotels in Paris are good for couples? These hotels in Paris are highly rated by couples: Hôtel des Arts Montmartre, Quinzerie hôtel and Hôtel Le Presbytère. What hotels in Paris have nice views? Quinzerie hôtel, Hôtel Le Presbytère and Le 12 Hôtel have received great reviews from travellers in Paris regarding the views from their hotel rooms. A City of Love, Culture and Cuisine A symbol of love and the most visited city in the world, beautiful Paris indeed has it all! The romantic cafés of Montparnasse, lively bistros of the Latin Quarter and high-fashion luxury stores of Champs-Élysées are just waiting to be discovered. Admire the views from the iconic Eiffel Tower, have fun at Disneyland or enjoy the artistic atmosphere of Montmartre. Make sure you visit the Louvre to try shaking hands with Venus de Milo and solve the mystery behind Mona Lisa’s smile. In the evening, the famous Moulin Rouge offers exciting cabaret shows and the 19th-century Opéra Garnier welcomes you to sink into its lush seats. The renowned French cuisine is served in countless Parisian bistros, restaurants and brasseries! Thanks to the city’s great public transport system, it doesn't matter if you’re travelling from Orly or Charles de Gaulle International Airports, since all major attractions are within easy reach. Whether you’re looking for a room with a Notre Dame view, a design hotel with chic interiors or a comfortable apartment, Booking.com has something to fit all your holiday needs. Learn more about visiting Paris 1690 attractions 221 points of interest 34 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests said about Paris: 10 We've been several times and love it. We've been several times and love it. Would highly recommend staying in the Les Halles area - not as tourisity as some places but so easy to get around on various Metro stations. Some of the iconic places are worth it (Eiffel Tower is a must just once) but I would recommend visiting Montmartre and wandering round there. Lots of artistic history and great bars and restaurants. JULIE United Kingdom 10 Paris remains one of my top destinations. Paris remains one of my top destinations. It is full of history, very good restaurants and the people, contrary to popular view, are friendly and helpful. I always find it easy to get around by using busses and metro. Marius South Africa 8.0 Great city. Great city. However it was highly crowded and it was mostly expensive compared to other Europe capitals. Stucked in the Xmas market in le jardin de tuileries. Great food and dining experiences. Make sure to reserve seats for lunch and dinner. Altas Turkey 8.0 PARIS.. UNBELIEVABLE 4 days wasnt enough PARIS.. UNBELIEVABLE 4 days wasnt enough we took in the louvre, eiffel tower, palace of versailles, seine river cruise,luxembourg gardens and the moulin rouge. shattered at the end but amazing. so glad we can read a metro map tony United Kingdom 10 Great city at any time of the year. Great city at any time of the year. There is so much to see and do and there are many well known landmarks to visit. Public transport is really good and I suggest you buy the ‚Paris visite‘ card for unlimited use of public transport to get around quickly and easily. The big attractions/musea require reservation and especially the Eiffel Tower you need to book in advance (starts 60 days in advance). Enjoy Paris! Raymond Netherlands 10 It really depends on what you what your personal taste is. It really depends on what you what your personal taste is. There is a bit to see. might take a few visits to find everything or find your way about. The Metro is great. Don't depend on Google maps to much as it some times can miss lead you on trip planning. David United Kingdom Explore guest reviews of hotels in Paris See all Hotel du College de France Hotel in 5th arr., Paris From CAD 205 per night 8.9 Fabulous 1,615 reviews I recently stayed at the Hotel du College de France with my family and it was an excellent experience. The medieval themed hotel is centrally located, making it easy to access all of the famous landmarks and attractions in Paris. The rooms were clean and well-appointed, with comfortable beds and modern amenities. The staff were friendly and helpful, providing us with excellent service throughout our stay. Furthermore, it was extremely convenient that the hotel offers breakfast in the morning. Show more Show less Yaron Israel My Maison In Paris - Louvre 1st arr., Paris From CAD 290 per night 9.1 Superb 908 reviews The apartment was the best we’ve had in France- even though we knew it would be a bit crowded for a family of 5, it had all the facilities we could think of and didn’t miss a thing. the kitchen was super comfortable to cook in. everything was clean and well decorated, the location was just perfect and we loved the street view. the staff was so helpful and available. Rachel greeted us with a smile everyday even though we had 3 young and noisy kids. our 2-year old was just in love with her :) Show more Show less osnat Israel O.Lysée Hotel Hotel in 8th arr., Paris From CAD 236 per night 8.9 Fabulous 1,338 reviews The staff were lovely and attentive. Though the room was a typical size for France, the space is well designed to feel more spacious. The decor was elegant and more beautiful than the photos convey. The location was fantastic. We enjoyed walking to the museums, the Seine, while passing by the top fashion houses, famous bars and hotels along the way. The Metro stop is literally at the corner and was so convenient and also a good experience. Nearby restaurants were great. A perfect place! Show more Show less Baltzley United States Sully Hôtel Hotel in 4th arr., Paris From CAD 130 per night 6.6 Review score 2,092 reviews I expected it to be a bit rubbish, to be honest, because it's a cheap hotel that we booked at very short notice. Actually, it's got charm. It's clean, the staff are nice, and when you're leaning out of your window over the tiny balcony, four floors up a slightly wonky staircase, looking out onto the mansard roofs and tall windows of the courtyard and listening to the muffled bustle of the rue de St Antoine - you know you could be nowhere else but Paris. Show more Show less Josephine United Kingdom Hotel & Spa Saint-Jacques Hotel in 5th arr., Paris From CAD 277 per night 8.3 Very good 1,484 reviews The superlative location of the hotel made the stay wonderful with terrific restaurants in the next block. The hotel is beautiful, with all the traditional and ornate charm I had hoped for in Paris. The breakfast was delicious and varied. Loved the cafe au lait! The staff was both professional and welcoming. Our room was quiet and cool even with the unusual heat which had struck France. The beds were comfortable and separate so we both got a restful sleep. Show more Show less Bruce Lynn United States Hotel Elysees Opera Hotel in 8th arr., Paris From CAD 234 per night 8.5 Very good 540 reviews The hotel itself is beautifully appointed. From the moment I arrived, the warmth and professionalism of the front desk team, including Francesca, Aurélie, Philippe, Régis, and Ryan, made me feel right at home. My room was comfortable, well-maintained, and provided a peaceful retreat after a day of exploring the city. The location in the 8th arrondissement is perfect for sightseeing, with easy access to many of Paris’s iconic attractions. Show more Show less SAAD Saudi Arabia Suite junior avec balcon et vue sur Arc de Triomphe 16th arr., Paris From CAD 249 per night 9.3 Superb 66 reviews All the furniture was so fancy and antique that guests must feel like they're royal of medieval France. The room was very clean, warm, and cozy. It's far better than any other fancy hotel. The location is also wonderful. Especially, the host is so kind and warmhearted. They are always ready to help their guests not only about stay, but also some regional problems that may happen to the travellers. Show more Show less 박 South Korea Hôtel de Sèvres Hotel in 6th arr., Paris From CAD 215 per night 8.1 Very good 316 reviews Great unpretentious hotel situated in quiet side street at the bottom end of Rue du Bac. Perfect room and hotel size and facilities. Breakfast (extra, not cheap€14) excellent quality, quantity & variety. Nice communal areas, with complementary tea & coffee. Very courteous staff. 4 metro stations within 5 or 6 mins walk Lovely part of Paris close to everything but not touristy. Show more Show less Nicholas1 Ireland Chalgrin Boutique Hotel Hotel in 16th arr., Paris From CAD 256 per night 8.1 Very good 1,295 reviews Virginia was the breakfast manager and she made our trip wonderful. She was very knowledgeable and welcoming, which was a wonderful difference from the rest of France. She made suggestions and gave insight on the area. The room had wonderful Air-conditioning which was missing throughout the rest of Paris. It was so comfortable to come back to a clean, cool, and lovely room each night! Show more Show less Mongiovi United States Hotel Le Richemont Hotel in 13th arr., Paris From CAD 101 per night 7.9 Good 1,876 reviews The best hotel we stayed during our trip to North of France which is kids friendly. The room was clean and had a quiet corner for us to put the travel cot (which they provided for free). The shower was a bit small but good enough for a hot shower. The breakfast was very good and the lady at the kitchen very friendly helping with baby chair and toys. Good value for Paris. Show more Show less GIOVANNA United Kingdom Cote Montmartre 9th arr., Paris 9.7 Exceptional 79 reviews The best place to stay in all of Paris! The hosts are the kindest and warmest people I have met during my entire trip through Europe. The place is very nice and clean, it has an incredible view, and the breakfast could not have been more delicious. Without a doubt, staying at Cote Montmartre was the best decision and one of the best experiences I had in France. Show more Show less Torres Miranda Mexico Jardins de Mademoiselle Hôtel & Spa Hotel in 15th arr., Paris From CAD 231 per night 8.8 Fabulous 1,453 reviews One of the best hotels in Paris, really good rooms, value for money when it comes to France, love the environment and keep coming back if I can, sometimes depending on events in the area they can be really expensive and then cannot book it. That is the only downside, people like it so prices go up. Show more Show less Patrick Netherlands Hyatt Regency Paris Etoile Hotel in 17th arr., Paris From CAD 303 per night 8.3 Very good 3,778 reviews Spacious room ,good lights and internet connection.I was particularly impressed by water hose in the bathroom which is unique among hotels in France.Breafast is amazing.The hotel is centrally located and 5 minute walk to the Arc de triumph and the champs.It is also connected to a mall. Show more Show less Abdulrahman Saudi Arabia La Belle Ville Hotel in 19th arr., Paris From CAD 217 per night 8.7 Fabulous 2,670 reviews In general, the hotel meet our needs. It was clean, staff were friendly and very helpful, breakfast was very good, the metro was nearby, and the quaint hotel restaurant allowed us to conveniently meet over dinner with our partners in France to discuss our program the following day. Show more Show less Kimberly United States Hotel Saint-Louis Pigalle Hotel in 9th arr., Paris From CAD 228 per night 8.8 Fabulous 2,174 reviews The location is perfect, the staff is super friendly, and the breakfast is good, especially for France (not only bread :) ). The room was big and had a nice view of the building across the road (so Parisian!). We were allowed to leave our luggage at the hotel after check-out. Show more Show less Lizaveta Netherlands Arc de Triomphe Etoile Hotel in 17th arr., Paris From CAD 190 per night 8.1 Very good 1,454 reviews We had a nice and quiet room on 4th floor. Staff was available 24h and the location of the hotel is amazing! Public parking is on the same street and cost 16$ per day which is very cheap for Paris. All area seems to be really safe! We can definitely recommend this hotel! Show more Show less Anonymous United Kingdom Hôtel de France Gare de Lyon Bastille Hotel in 12th arr., Paris From CAD 177 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,333 reviews Newly renovated with room AC system that is so quiet you don't know it is on. We used AirBnB during our stay in France and this was the best night sleep we had. The mattress was very comfortable and the Gentleman at the desk could not have been more welcoming! Show more Show less Andrew Fistner United States Montparnasse Alésia Hotel in 14th arr., Paris From CAD 161 per night 8.1 Very good 2,538 reviews Excellent hotel, very nice staff, perfect localization for a sightseeing trip, 24/7 reception so you can walk around the city as much as you want, near hotel located catacombs of Paris, breakfast that is served in hotel is cheaper than food in the streets) Show more Show less Yurii Poland Hôtel du Jardin des Plantes Hotel in 5th arr., Paris From CAD 185 per night 7.6 Good 2,102 reviews It was nicely clean, everyday we had clean towels and bed made up. Employees were friendly and helpful. Was easy to go to the city as the metro station was only 250m away. Nice local bakerys near hotel, cheaper than in city centre. Show more Show less Sandra Estonia Paris France Hotel Hotel in 3rd arr., Paris From CAD 139 per night 8.6 Fabulous 2,272 reviews Best choice you could make for a lovely stay in Paris! Amazing location, super clean and bright rooms, comfortable beds. Paris France hotel will definitely be my choice for my future getaways in Paris! Show more Show less veronica Italy Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Hotels near Paris-Gare-de-Lyon Book a hotel close to Paris-Gare-de-Lyon, perfect for easy access to local transport links. Flights to Paris - Charles de Gaulle Airport Jet into this airport to explore Paris at your leisure. Flights to Paris - Orly Airport Jet into this airport to explore Paris at your leisure. Hotels in France Pack a bigger bag and see more of the country. Hotels near Disneyland Paris Places to stay near one of the top places to see. Flights to Paris Find and compare prices for this popular flight route. Hostels in Paris Explore more great accommodation options in Paris, starting with hostels. Ibis Hotels in Paris More great accommodation options for your trip. Budget Hotels in Paris More great accommodation options for your trip. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Paris Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1847760|3,1866460,1871440,1833870,1870380,1870380|9,1846890,1870380|3,1847760