The 10 best hotels & places to stay in Tokyo, Japan - Tokyo hotels Skip to main content CAD Choose your currency. Your current currency is Canadian dollar Choose your language. Your current language is English (UK) Select your language Suggested for you Français English (US) 简体中文 Español 한국어 All languages English (UK) English (US) Deutsch Nederlands Français Español Español (AR) Español (MX) Català Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Norsk Suomi Svenska Dansk Čeština Magyar Română 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Polski Ελληνικά Русский Türkçe Български العربية 한국어 עברית Latviski Українська हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ภาษาไทย Eesti Hrvatski Lietuvių Slovenčina Srpski Slovenščina Tiếng Việt Filipino Íslenska Get help with your reservation List your property Register Sign in Stays Flights Flight + Hotel Car rentals Attractions Airport taxis Search hotels in Tokyo Enter your dates to see the latest prices and deals for Tokyo hotels Please type your destination Error: Please enter a destination to start searching. + Check-in + Check-out Calendar I'm flexible Exact dates 1 day 2 days 3 days 7 days How long do you want to stay? A weekend A week A month Other night From Monday From Tuesday From Wednesday From Thursday From Friday From Saturday From Sunday When do you want to go? Select up to 3 months Select dates Rooms and occupancy 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Adults - 2 + Children - 0 + Rooms - 1 + Search I'm travelling for work Home Hotels Japan Tokyo-to Tokyo Show hotels on map Filter by: Star rating 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star Review score Superb: 9+ Very good: 8+ Good: 7+ Pleasant: 6+ Tokyo – 4,341 hotels and places to stay Our top picks Lowest price first Star rating and price Top reviewed See the latest prices and deals by choosing your dates. Choose dates the square hotel GINZA 4 stars Hotel in Chuo Ward, Tokyo Conveniently located in the centre of Tokyo, the square hotel GINZA offers air-conditioned rooms, free bikes, free WiFi and a fitness centre. Nur Izyan Syazwani Malaysia the interior is very modern and the staffs were very helpful. our stay was perfect! Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 4,751 reviews Price from CAD 216 per night Check availability Ours Inn Hankyu 3 stars Hotel in Shinagawa Ward, Tokyo Ours Inn Hankyu is situated in the Shinagawa Ward district in Tokyo, 4.1 km from Oedo Onsen Monogatari and 4.3 km from Fuji TV Odaiba. Oimachi Station is located a minute's walk away. Thomas Austria Very new and modern, possible to leve the suitcase after checkout for a few hours and pick it up later with no extra charge Show more Show less 8 Very good 6,390 reviews Price from CAD 68 per night Check availability Sotetsu Fresa Inn Ginza-Nanachome 3 stars Hotel in Chuo Ward, Tokyo Located 8 minutes from Shimbashi Station on foot, Sotetsu Fresa Inn Ginza-Nanachome is a convenient location from where guests can explore Tokyo. The hotel features free WiFi throughout the property. Candice Indonesia Excellent stay in Sotetsu Fresa Inn Ginza-Nanachome. Good location in Ginza. Family mart just beside the hotel lobby. Nearest Metro Stations are Ginza Station, or Higashi Ginza Station. Supermarket Hanamasa just 190m away from property. Rooms are bigger if you choose the Twin Deluxe Room or Standard Twin. They even have Coin Laundry with Dryer in 2nd Floor. The Receptions are nice. They really tried to arrange our booking so we can get all rooms near by as family. This is one of the point key for us traveling with family with young kids. Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 2,645 reviews Price from CAD 128 per night Check availability ONSEN RYOKAN YUEN SHINJUKU 3 stars Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Attractively situated in Tokyo, ONSEN RYOKAN YUEN SHINJUKU features air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant and free WiFi. Anna Malta It is a fantastic, quiet, and beautiful place with many useful amenities (from small ones like access to tap water, a water bottle, or a kettle to more advanced ones like a bathrobe or access to the washing machine). It is a great place to stay, especially after a long flight. Onsen has a beneficial effect! Also, we highly recommend breakfast! Show more Show less 8.7 Fabulous 2,311 reviews Check availability Daiwa Roynet Hotel Ginza PREMIER 4 stars Hotel in Chuo Ward, Tokyo Open from December 2015, Daiwa Roynet Hotel Ginza is located just a 1-minute walk from Ginza Itchome Station on the Yurakucho Line. Yin Fong Julian Hong Kong Laundry microwave and vending machine Show more Show less 8.6 Fabulous 2,469 reviews Price from CAD 216 per night Check availability THE BLOSSOM HIBIYA 4 stars Hotel in Minato, Tokyo Boasting a fitness centre, a shared lounge as well as a restaurant, THE BLOSSOM HIBIYA is situated in the centre of Tokyo, 200 metres from TKP Shinbashi Conference Centre. Wai Canada Everything is excellent especially the breakfast two thumbs up Show more Show less 9 Superb 3,264 reviews Price from CAD 384 per night Check availability Mitsui Garden Hotel Kyobashi - Tokyo Station 4 stars Hotel in Chuo Ward, Tokyo Situated in the heart of Tokyo, only a 5-minute walk from JR Tokyo Station, Mitsui Garden Hotel Kyobashi offers comfortable rooms with free WiFi and a restaurant. Chun-Ming Taiwan The hotel is near the tokyo station, which is very convenient to reach most places in Tokyo, the room is cozy but a bit small for two people, the staff is helpful, and the breakfast is delicious. Overall, a nice place to stay. Show more Show less 8.4 Very good 1,598 reviews Price from CAD 291 per night Check availability Hotel Intergate Tokyo Kyobashi 3 stars Hotel in Chuo Ward, Tokyo Open from 1 April 2018 and located within an 11-minute walk of Marunouchi Building and an 18-minute walk of Kachidoki Bridge, Hotel Intergate Tokyo Kyobashi offers rooms with air conditioning and a... whyarrallnamestaken?123 Austria Great breakfast options, comfortable bed, big room, really nice and helpful staff! Show more Show less 8.5 Very good 2,684 reviews Price from CAD 136 per night Check availability Akihabara Washington Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Chiyoda, Tokyo Conveniently located a 1-minute walk from JR Akihabara station and a 9-minute drive from Tokyo Station, Akihabara Washington Hotel offers modern accommodation with a restaurant and free WiFi... ChiangKee Singapore Location was excellent, room has just sufficient space (Japanese standard), not too expensive (comparing other Japanese hotel rate). Show more Show less 8.3 Very good 2,885 reviews Price from CAD 121 per night Check availability Ginza Grand Hotel 3 stars Hotel in Chuo Ward, Tokyo Featuring 2 restaurant options on site, Ginza Grand Hotel is a 3-minute walk from the nearest train station, JR Shinbashi Train Station. Karthik India The location is amazing. They offer a meeting room with drink amenities which is very good for business meetings. Show more Show less 7.4 Good 2,194 reviews Price from CAD 143 per night Check availability See all 1544 hotels in Tokyo Most booked hotels in Tokyo in the past month See all APA Hotel Higashi Shinjuku Kabukicho Tower Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 8.1 Very good · 7,968 reviews APA Hotel & Resort Ryogoku Eki Tower Hotel in Sumida Ward, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 8.3 Very good · 6,098 reviews Hotel Gracery Shinjuku Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 8.2 Very good · 4,266 reviews Villa Fontaine Grand Haneda Airport Hotel in Ota Ward, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 8.4 Very good · 4,834 reviews Shinjuku Washington Hotel Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 7.1 Good · 4,405 reviews APA Hotel Shinjuku-Kabukicho Tower Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 7.6 Good · 3,620 reviews Tokyo Bay Shiomi Prince Hotel Hotel in Koto Ward, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 9.1 Superb · 4,763 reviews APA Hotel Asakusa Tawaramachi Ekimae Hotel in Taito, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 8.2 Very good · 3,807 reviews THE KNOT TOKYO Shinjuku Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 8.4 Very good · 5,014 reviews KOKO HOTEL Ginza-1chome Hotel in Chuo Ward, Tokyo Popular with guests booking hotels in Tokyo 8.1 Very good · 4,811 reviews Tokyo's best hotels with breakfast See all Hotel Indigo Tokyo Shibuya Hotel in Shibuya Ward, Tokyo Breakfast options Featuring a terrace, a restaurant as well as a bar, Hotel Indigo Tokyo Shibuya is located in the centre of Tokyo, 400 metres from Shibuya Scramble Crossing. Interior design, staff, location, food in dining room Avg. price/night: CAD 823.87 9.0 Superb · 108 reviews TOKYO EAST SIDE HOTEL KAIE Hotel in Koto Ward, Tokyo Breakfast options TOKYO EAST SIDE HOTEL KAIE features a garden, terrace, a restaurant and bar in Tokyo. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, an ATM and free WiFi. Breakfast buffet is OK (not great), last order 9.30 Avg. price/night: CAD 282.13 9.2 Superb · 262 reviews HOTELみなと-MINATO- Hotel in Minato, Tokyo Breakfast options Set in the centre of Tokyo, HOTELみなと-MINATO- is situated 500 metres from Sakurada Shrine and 700 metres from Isehan-Honten Museum of Beni. comfort and attention to detail impeccable service Avg. price/night: CAD 1,647.75 9.4 Superb · 126 reviews FAV TOKYO Nishinippori Hotel in Arakawa, Tokyo Breakfast options Conveniently located in the Arakawa district of Tokyo, FAV TOKYO Nishinippori is situated 1.3 km from Nippori South Park, less than 1 km from Kyoouji Temple and a 11-minute walk from The Site of Koda... clean, welcoming, friendly helpful staff, great rooms Avg. price/night: CAD 402.78 9.0 Superb · 107 reviews hotel hisoca ikebukuro Hotel in Toshima, Tokyo Breakfast options Hotel hisoca ikebukuro is ideally located in the centre of Tokyo, and offers a shared lounge, free WiFi and a terrace. Loved the bathing arrangements and semi-western beds Avg. price/night: CAD 348.50 9.4 Superb · 233 reviews Dormy Inn Premium Ginza Hotel in Chuo Ward, Tokyo Breakfast options Conveniently situated in the centre of Tokyo, Dormy Inn Premium Ginza provides air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and private parking. Hot spring with lollipop Free night food and drinks Avg. price/night: CAD 371.66 9.1 Superb · 378 reviews 7 Rooms Hotel & Cafe Hotel in Edogawa, Tokyo Breakfast options Conveniently set in the Edogawa district of Tokyo, 7 Rooms Hotel & Cafe is situated 1.3 km from Furukawa Shinsui Park, 1.5 km from Gyosen Park and 1.6 km from Ukita Park. 清潔感 インテリアの感じ 落ち着く お風呂のタイル トイレの泡 冷蔵庫 ヘアアイロン 洗濯機 枕の硬さ 全て Avg. price/night: CAD 288.36 9.6 Exceptional · 327 reviews THE AOYAMA GRAND HOTEL Hotel in Minato, Tokyo Breakfast options Set in Tokyo, 300 metres from The Watarium Museum of Contemporary Art, THE AOYAMA GRAND HOTEL offers accommodation with a terrace, private parking and a bar. The hotel is very cool providing an excellent experience. Avg. price/night: CAD 988.65 9.3 Superb · 397 reviews Budget hotels in Tokyo See all APA Hotel Asakusa Kuramae Kita Hotel in Taito, Tokyo Budget Hotel Offering air-conditioned rooms in the Taito district of Tokyo, APA Hotel Asakusa Kuramae Kita is 300 metres from Kuramae Jinja Shrine. Calm and peacefull district, very clean and friendly. Avg. price/night: CAD 116.17 8.6 Fabulous · 1,007 reviews Smile Hotel Shinagawasengakujiekimae Hotel in Minato, Tokyo Budget Hotel Situated in the centre of Tokyo, 200 metres from Ruins of Takanawa Okido Gate, Smile Hotel Shinagawasengakujiekimae features air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. Comfortable, clean and friendly hotel for all travelers! Avg. price/night: CAD 174.84 8.3 Very good · 1,039 reviews APA Hotel & Resort Roppongi-Eki-Higashi Hotel in Minato, Tokyo Budget Hotel Attractively located in the centre of Tokyo, APA Hotel & Resort Roppongi-Eki-Higashi features air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi and private parking. Big Japanese style public bath/spa and swimming pool. Avg. price/night: CAD 151.04 8.2 Very good · 2,067 reviews APA Hotel Asakusa Shin Okachimachi Ekimae Hotel in Taito, Tokyo Budget Hotel Featuring 3-star accommodation, APA Hotel Asakusa Shin Okachimachi Ekimae is located in Tokyo, 400 metres from Choen-ji Temple and 500 metres from The Shitaya Shrine. All APA hotels are great. Compact, comfortable and practical. Avg. price/night: CAD 126.05 8.3 Very good · 1,297 reviews APA Hotel Ueno Ekiminami Hotel in Taito, Tokyo Budget Hotel In a prime location in the centre of Tokyo, APA Hotel Ueno Ekiminami provides air-conditioned rooms, a restaurant and free WiFi. the room and the facilities within the room were great Avg. price/night: CAD 129.07 8.2 Very good · 1,550 reviews Akabane Holic Hotel Hotel in Kita, Tokyo Budget Hotel Situated in Tokyo and with Akabane Park reachable within 200 metres, Akabane Holic Hotel features a restaurant, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. very clean and convenient place . Recommended place . Avg. price/night: CAD 130.45 8.5 Very good · 1,564 reviews BOOK HOTEL 神保町 Hotel in Chiyoda, Tokyo Budget Hotel Well located in the Chiyoda district of Tokyo, BOOK HOTEL 神保町 is located 400 metres from Shokei-kan, 500 metres from Niijima Jo Birthplace Remains and 600 metres from National Showa Memorial Museum. Great location and nice staff. Great value for money. 8.4 Very good · 1,083 reviews LOISIR HOTEL SHINAGAWA SEASIDE Hotel in Shinagawa Ward, Tokyo Budget Hotel Well situated in the Shinagawa Ward district of Tokyo, LOISIR HOTEL SHINAGAWA SEASIDE is set 80 metres from Shinagawa Seaside Forest Oval Garden, less than 1 km from Sinagawa Sentaikoujin Temple and a... It was one of the best hotels I have stayed in Japan. Avg. price/night: CAD 130.90 8.3 Very good · 4,887 reviews Hotels located in the centre of Tokyo See all ＨＯＴＥＬ ＧＬＡＮＺ ＣＡＳＣＡＴＡ - Vacation STAY 74636v Hotel in Minato, Tokyo Central location Located in the centre of Tokyo, 300 metres from Izumo Shrine Tokyo Bunshi, ＨＯＴＥＬ ＧＬＡＮＺ ＣＡＳＣＡＴＡ - Vacation STAY 74636v provides air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. Avg. price/night: CAD 335.82 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review TOKYO HOUSE INN - Vacation STAY 52051v Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Central location Set in the centre of Tokyo, 200 metres from Koizumi Yakumo Memorial Park, TOKYO HOUSE INN - Vacation STAY 52051v offers air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. Avg. price/night: CAD 210.55 10.0 Exceptional · 1 review Shinjuku Miyabi Residence - Vacation STAY 94836 Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Central location Situated in the centre of Tokyo, 200 metres from Takatsukisan Chozenji Temple, Shinjuku Miyabi Residence - Vacation STAY 94836 features air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. limpieza! personal muy amable! ubicación excelente 9.4 Superb · 55 reviews Shinjuku Miyabi Residence - Vacation STAY 94520 Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Central location Set in the centre of Tokyo, 200 metres from Takatsukisan Chozenji Temple, Shinjuku Miyabi Residence - Vacation STAY 94520 offers air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. The balcony was nice and the owner was extremely accommodating. 9.4 Superb · 16 reviews The Prince Gallery Tokyo Kioicho, a Luxury Collection Hotel Hotel in Chiyoda, Tokyo Central location Situated a minutes’ walk away from Akasaka-Mitsuke Station of the Tokyo Metro Ginza and Marunouchi Line, The Prince Gallery Tokyo Kioicho boasts free WiFi throughout the entire property. Great location, exeptional facilities. Enormous views. Avg. price/night: CAD 1,505.60 9.3 Superb · 241 reviews The Capitol Hotel Tokyu Hotel in Chiyoda, Tokyo Central location Designed by Kengo Kuma, Capitol Hotel Tokyu boasts 3 restaurants, a 14th-floor indoor pool and direct access to 4 subway lines. Rooms are spacious for Tokyo and have city views. Excellent property.Very modern yet ultra comfortable Avg. price/night: CAD 1,225.17 9.3 Superb · 295 reviews Hotel Yuni -Comfortable stay Star-Club iD Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Central location Conveniently set in the Shinjuku Ward district of Tokyo, Hotel Yuni -Comfortable stay Star-Club iD is set 1.1 km from Museum of Science Tokyo University of Science, 1.2 km from Kagurazaka Wakamiya... 매일 타올 갈아주시고 방 청소도 해주셔서 좋았습니다 그리고 위치도 전철이 많이다녀 좋았습니다. 9.2 Superb · 73 reviews Shinjuku Miyabi Residence - Vacation STAY 94701 Hotel in Shinjuku Ward, Tokyo Central location Located in the centre of Tokyo, 200 metres from Takatsukisan Chozenji Temple, Shinjuku Miyabi Residence - Vacation STAY 94701 provides air-conditioned rooms and free WiFi. 安いのに大きなお風呂があって、タオルやパジャマもあり良かったです。掃除も行き届いていてきれいでした。また利用したいです。 9.2 Superb · 18 reviews FAQs about hotels in Tokyo How much does it cost to stay in a hotel in Tokyo? On average, 3-star hotels in Tokyo cost CAD 154 per night, and 4-star hotels in Tokyo are CAD 296 per night. If you're looking for something really special, a 5-star hotel in Tokyo can on average be found for CAD 738 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Tokyo for this weekend? The average price per night for a 3-star hotel in Tokyo this weekend is CAD 324 or, for a 4-star hotel, CAD 595. Looking for something even fancier? 5-star hotels in Tokyo for this weekend cost on average around CAD 1,080 per night (based on Booking.com prices). How much is a hotel in Tokyo for tonight? On average, it costs CAD 163 per night to book a 3-star hotel in Tokyo for tonight. You'll pay on average around CAD 344 if you choose to stay in a 4-star hotel tonight, while a 5-star hotel in Tokyo will cost around CAD 776 (based on Booking.com prices). Which hotels in Tokyo are good for families? Many families visiting Tokyo loved staying at HOTELみなと-MINATO-, 7 Rooms Hotel & Cafe and ENT TERRACE AKIHABARA. What are the best hotels in Tokyo near Tokyo Dome? Some of the best hotels in Tokyo near Tokyo Dome include Dormy Inn Korakuen, Hotel Metropolitan Edmont Tokyo and sequence SUIDOBASHI - Tokyo. What are the best hotels in Tokyo near Narita International Airport? Travellers who stayed in Tokyo near Narita International Airport (NRT) have said good things about Narita Tobu Hotel Airport, Toyoko Inn Narita Airport Shinkan and Marroad International Hotel Narita. What are the best hotels to stay in Tokyo? HOTEL 1899 TOKYO, The Tokyo Station Hotel and JR-East Hotel Mets Akihabara are some of the popular hotels in Tokyo. What hotels in Tokyo offer an especially good breakfast? For hotels in Tokyo that serve up a highly-rated breakfast, try 7 Rooms Hotel & Cafe, HOTELみなと-MINATO- and The Okura Tokyo. What hotels in Tokyo are good for couples? These hotels in Tokyo are highly rated by couples: ENT TERRACE AKIHABARA, 7 Rooms Hotel & Cafe and The Okura Tokyo. What hotels in Tokyo have nice views? Palace Hotel Tokyo, Mitsui Garden Hotel Toyosu Premier - Tokyo and The Okura Tokyo have received great reviews from travellers in Tokyo regarding the views from their hotel rooms. See It to Believe It! The capital of Japan, Tokyo is a vast, teeming metropolis nestled between mountains and Tokyo Bay. It’s so huge that you’ll have to come to grips with public transport and maybe even experience being pushed onto a train. Yes, it does actually happen! Get your bearings by ascending the Tokyo World Trade Centre near the waterfront, and savour the fantastic views taking in the red-and-white Tokyo Tower and Shinkuju’s skyscrapers. North is Ueno, home to the best museums (including the Tokyo National Museum) and a large park bursting with cherry blossom in spring. Equally tranquil are the Chiyoda Imperial Palace and Gardens, surrounded by water. Also in gardens is the Meiji Jingu Shinto shrine in Shibuya, a youthful district where neon abounds. For more traditional Japanese culture, head to Asakusa whose Sensō-ji Buddhist temple is Tokyo’s oldest temple. Markets in the grounds sell a variety of wares, though shopping in Tokyo is, of course, fantastic wherever you go. Whether you stay in a Japanese ryokan, luxury Tokyo hotel or a hostel, don’t fly out of Tokyo Narita Airport or Haneda Airport without having tried sushi. Another Japanese institution is the sento (public bath) and onsen (hot springs bath) – a must try. Also incredibly popular are Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea, Asia’s 2 most visited theme parks. Learn more about visiting Tokyo 84 attractions 1750 points of interest 62 neighbourhoods Find out more Subscribe to receive premium deals Prices drop the moment you sign up! Sign me up! What guests like about Tokyo City trip 61,686 reviews Forests 271 reviews Sightseeing 17,322 reviews Food trip 37,603 reviews Family-friendly 2,080 reviews Shopping 14,275 reviews What guests said about Tokyo: 10 A huge, modern city with unexpected surprises and delights... A huge, modern city with unexpected surprises and delights every few steps. Clean, calm and orderly. We didn’t expect to be so taken with Tokyo, and now wish we would’ve planned to spend longer. Incredible city. Karyn Australia 10 I loved visiting Tokyo. I loved visiting Tokyo. It is refreshingly different from the West. The people are very polite and it is considered to be very safe for women travelling on their own. I love the food and I enjoyed the mental challenge of using the metro. I also bought some great gifts that were made in Japan - traditional brushes made with organic bristles. Also, nice gifts from museums. The accommodation I stayed at was very inexpensive so overall it was very good value for money. I plan to return so that I can spend more time in Japan. Rebecca Australia 10 Tokyo is a great place to visit, and staying next to a train... Tokyo is a great place to visit, and staying next to a train station is an excellent idea. There are so many places to visit having easy access to transit really helps. I stayed 6 days and feel I hardly even touched on all the things to see and do in Tokyo. I recommend a long stay, possibly even more than one hotel location to make access to sites easier. Ian Canada 10 Tokyo was great; it was as we had expected from the movies... Tokyo was great; it was as we had expected from the movies and travel brochures that we had seen. The sites were magnificent, and I wish I had seen more. The kids enjoyed Tokyo Disney and Sanrio. I loved the temples and Shibuya crossing, and the ride on the bullet train is something everyone should experience. Of all the cities that I have visited, Tokyo was the best. Everything was clean, and the people were friendly and kind. I will revisit Tokyo in the future. Chris20Love Cayman Islands 10 I live in Japan and always enjoy visiting the area around... I live in Japan and always enjoy visiting the area around the ANA Intercontinental! With great food inside the hotel you can also enjoy a great selection of dining options at the Ark Hills area adjacent to the hotel. James Japan 10 Tokyo is one of the most fun and safe cities in the world. Tokyo is one of the most fun and safe cities in the world. One recommendation I would make is to take a few days away from the city. Take day trips close by to more rural areas or go a bit further out, and just relax from city life. Richard United States Explore guest reviews of hotels in Tokyo See all HOTEL LiVEMAX Shinjuku Kabukicho From CAD 202.31 per night 6.2 Pleasant · 942 reviews The reviews got me worried before I checked-in, but my experience was a lot better. Room size: small which is typical of hotels of the same category in Tokyo. If this is your first time in Tokyo, yes you will find everything smaller. Cleanliness: room I got was clean, if you are not smoking make sure you get a nonsmoking room. Guests do leave their trash for disposal in the corridors, I just hope that the hotel puts up a proper disposal area. Area: 7-11 downstairs, lot of food options around. Chester Philippines Hotel Risveglio Akasaka From CAD 168.89 per night 8.4 Very good · 2,657 reviews I loved the location, it's near two Metro stations that can get you around tokyo. There are also many shops & restaurants around the hotel. It has a local vibe compared to staying in popular areas like Shinjuku or Shibuya. I also sent out my luggage to the airport in advance so having to carry them wasn't a problem. I also loved the staff everyone was really nice and accommodating especially Masuda & Kuroki. The room I booked was perfect for a solo traveler like me and I loved the bed. Maxine United Arab Emirates GRHOUSE -Self Check in- Will send room number and password 8.0 Very good · 100 reviews This accommodation was a real bang for a buck! The host was nice and welcoming, responding to messages very quickly. The location was convenient and close to the main attractions of Shinjuku as well as the Shinjuku station. For the price, the room was a decent size (fitting all five of us) and had more facilities provided than in most hotels many times the cost. I will definitely consider booking again when I'm in Tokyo next time. Yaroslav Lithuania The Gate Hotel Tokyo by Hulic From CAD 458.57 per night 8.8 Fabulous · 2,565 reviews The service and the friendliness of the staff was outstanding. My laundry was cleaned as fast as possible and the room service was also very good. The location of the hotel is ideally situated right next to Ginza station. The imperial palace and the shopping streets of Ginza are right around the corner. By subway it takes just about 20 minutes to get to Shibuya or Shinjuku. Thorben Germany Hotel Gracery Shinjuku From CAD 311.97 per night 8.2 Very good · 4,266 reviews Hotel Gracery Shinjuku was the perfect location for our 3 days in Tokyo. On arrival staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms are compact but thoughtful design in the layout means they are practical and comfortable. We visited local restaurants and bars in Shinjuku but also day trips to Ueno/Ginza and evening entertainment in Shibuya were very easily accessed by the metro. Alison United Kingdom Hotel Villa Fontaine Grand Tokyo-Shiodome From CAD 230.68 per night 8.1 Very good · 1,723 reviews A very convenient hotel. The stations are all near to the hotel . oedo line straight to shinjuku n shimbashi is just 10 mins away and can direct to Ginza and to Haneda airport via Asakusa line. The hotel amenities are good too. room space are not too small. N yet comfortable ! There are sky bridge to link everywhere! Very good for walking with nice view! YunMin Malaysia Guest House Wagokoro From CAD 161.80 per night 9.3 Superb · 907 reviews Very nice and helpful staff that let us check-in quite a bit earlier. The room was clean and we also got some tips on things to do in the area. A lot of trains to e.g. Tokyo station, Shinjuku, Shibuya etc from Nipopori station that is a 5-10 min walk from the hotel. I highly recommend this place for an affordable and great place to stay in Tokyo Marcus Sweden Far East Village Hotel Tokyo Ariake From CAD 122.24 per night 8.1 Very good · 2,789 reviews Newer hotel with larger than average hotel room in the same price level in Tokyo. Adjustable A/C is the best because most Tokyo hotels are central AC with super hot temp set(at least to me). Room is very clean and cozy. The location is good and in the newer and quieter community, just 1 metro stop away from the Toyosu fish market. LEWIS United States FLEXSTAY INN Higashi Jujo From CAD 76.89 per night 7.0 Good · 296 reviews The bed was bigger than expected. It could fit me and my husband weel (My husband is around 95kg and I 56kg). The staff was very kind and helpfull. The location is amazing, the seven11 was in front of the hotel, the train is 1 min walking and it is easy to go to harajuko, shibuya, shinjuku. pitty Australia Dai-ichi Hotel Tokyo 8.7 Fabulous · 985 reviews Great Location near subway station plenty of restaurants. Room was spacious and comfortable, clean and we got free sparkling wine in order of my husbands birthday. Everyone working at the hotel were very friendly and professional. The bathroom was very nice and very spacious! ieachen Norway HOTEL HILLARYS Akasaka From CAD 295.29 per night 8.2 Very good · 3,854 reviews So far, this is my second stay at the hotel. I like that the hotel is close to everything, restaurants, supermarket, cafes, etc., and very central. A quick direct train ride to Shinjuku, Shibuya and Tokyo. Also, the indoor onsen is a bonus to end the exhausting day. Tan Japan sequence MIYASHITA PARK - Shibuya From CAD 518.86 per night 8.3 Very good · 3,104 reviews Loved the location! Steps away from the Shibuya Scramble, Shibuya Sky, Hachiko square, Shibuya Station, etc. The park, the shops, and the restaurants attached to the hotel are wonderful perks! Easy check in/check out process. Loved the view of Tokyo from our room! Cara Canada Hotel Intergate Tokyo Kyobashi From CAD 277.42 per night 8.5 Very good · 2,684 reviews Staff was very good and helpful, location of hotel is very good as i wanted. Tokyo station area is much better option for me, shinjuku and shibuya is very crowded and busy, only 10min walk to station for yamonate line and shinkansen. Overall, very good. Hunkarr Turkey nine hours Suidobashi 8.0 Very good · 2,345 reviews We stayed here for the experience of staying in a capsule hotel. My 15 year old son was keen to stay in one. We enjoyed our stay and even my husband who is 198cm found the size of the capsule pretty good. It was very clean and we al felt very safe. Katherine Australia Hotel Petit Bali Garden Shin-Okubo (Adult Only) From CAD 201.39 per night 8.3 Very good · 42 reviews The hotel had a bunch of great extra facilities. Staff were great at their jobs and accomodating. The location was in the midst of what seemed like koreatown so a bunch of cool food and not far by train from Shinjuku/Shibuya. Rob Australia sequence MIYASHITA PARK - Shibuya From CAD 518.86 per night 8.3 Very good · 3,104 reviews The location on top of the park made it easy and stress free ti navigate the busy area of Shibuya. The beds were one of the most comfortable I’ve slept on in all my various hotel trips around the world. Stephen Ireland APA Hotel Yamanote Otsuka Eki Tower From CAD 116.17 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,768 reviews It’s one of nicest hotels I’ve ever stay led in regardless of price. Factoring in that rooms were around $70 a night and there is no question I will be trying to stay there again my next trip to Tokyo william United States Asakusa Tobu Hotel From CAD 247.16 per night 9.1 Superb · 4,893 reviews Super love the view in our room! They also had free coffee. Walk in distance from sensoji temple and tokyo tower. Their room is super spacious compared to other hotels we’ve check in. Dionila-Lyn Guam THE KNOT TOKYO Shinjuku From CAD 190.46 per night 8.4 Very good · 5,014 reviews Great hotel - lovely vibe. Buffet breakfast was amazing, as was the bakery. Very helpful staff. The location was great near the park and in a quieter area of Shinjuku Lisa Fiji APA Hotel Yamanote Otsuka Eki Tower From CAD 116.17 per night 8.4 Very good · 1,768 reviews Only a few stations away from shinjuku and shibuya, very nice hotel. Roberto Benjamin Netherlands Research, refine and make plans for your whole trip Things to do in Tokyo Attractions, tours and more – how will you spend your time in Tokyo? Hotels in Kyoto Discover another destination in Japan. Hotels in Osaka Discover another destination in Japan. Hotels in Tokyo-to Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels in Kanto Extend your search and explore the surrounding area. Hotels near Tokyo Haneda International Airport Perfect for a late arrival or early departure. Hotels near Narita International Airport Got a stopover, late arrival or early departure? Find hotels conveniently close to the airport. Hotels in Shinjuku Ward Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Hotels in Shibuya Area Get to know one of the city's most popular neighbourhoods. Show more List your property Mobile version Your account Make changes to your booking online Customer Service help Become an affiliate Booking.com for Business Countries Regions Cities Districts Airports Hotels Places of interest Homes Apartments Resorts Villas Hostels B&Bs Guest houses Unique places to stay Reviews Discover monthly stays Unpacked: Travel articles Seasonal and holiday deals Traveller Review Awards Car hire Flight finder Restaurant reservations Booking.com for Travel Agents Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs About Booking.com Customer Service help Partner help Careers Sustainability Press centre Safety resource centre Investor relations Terms & Conditions Partner dispute How we work Privacy & Cookie Statement MSA Statement Corporate contact Content guidelines and reporting Extranet login Copyright © 1996–2023 Booking.com™. All rights reserved. Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services. Start of dialog content Verified reviews from real guests. We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from real, verified guests. How does it work? 1 It starts with a booking It starts with a booking The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property. 2 Followed by a trip Followed by a trip When guests stay at the property they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff are and more. 3 And finally, a review And finally, a review After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site. If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first. Sign in and leave a review End of dialog content Check-in date Check-out date « » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Close calendar Save big in Tokyo Get exclusive access to member-only deals by email. For a limited time only Error: Please enter a valid email address Error: Sorry. An error has occurred. Hooray, you're now subscribed! Shortly, you will receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations. Please sign in to continue Sign in to your account or use one of these options Don't have an account yet? Create your account 1870380,1870380|9,1847760|3,1833870,1871440,1870380|3,1866460,1847760,1846890