Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle C$ 50 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶3̶4̶). Seattle Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle 105 Pike Street, Seattle, WA 98101, United States +1 206 340 1222 From C$ 62 Cheapest rate per night 8.3 Great based on 3,065 reviews Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Deluxe room C$ 62 View Deal Queen room C$ 69 View Deal Standard Room C$ 108 View Deal 41 more Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle deals 41 more Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle deals About Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle Hostel Room An affordable stay with shared facilities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Breakfast for free The Green Tortoise philosophy is that great food, beautiful places, and sociable people are the only essentials for a more-than-gratifying travel experience. The Green Tortoise group built the Seattle and San Francisco hostels around this social and communal ideology and experience. After expanding and refining the entire hostel experience, guests now have free Internet access, communal meals in the self-catering kitchen, private bathrooms, and comforts that make The Green Tortoise a unique place to stay. Located just across from the world-famous Pike Place Market, in the heart of beautiful Seattle, The Green Tortoise is ready to take visitors’ travel experience to new heights. The Green Tortoise offers co-ed dorms, female dorms, private rooms, and family rooms with queen or twin beds. Each bed has a large storage locker, reading light, fan, four plug electrical outlet, and convenient privacy curtains. Bathrooms are all shared in the hallway but are private and individual units that include a sink, shower, toilet, and a locking door so they are not shared while they’re actually in use. Amenities also include 24-hour reception with no curfew or lockout, free luggage storage, free computer and printer use, available bike rentals, and access to walking tours, city tours, and pub crawls to get the insider views of Seattle. The Green Tortoise partners with Seattle Free Walking Tours, inspired by the adventures and travels of the tour organization's co-founders. Free tours are a phenomenon throughout a large part of Europe, and it is this organization’s hope to introduce the concept in the beautiful Pacific Northwest. Read more Photos of Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle Kitchen 1/23 Bathroom 2/23 Hotel amenity 3/23 Other 4/23 Room amenity 5/23 Bathroom 6/23 Bedroom 7/23 Bedroom 8/23 Bathroom 9/23 Kitchen 10/23 Bathroom 11/23 Other 12/23 Shop 13/23 Other 14/23 Bedroom 15/23 Bedroom 16/23 Other 17/23 Outdoors view 18/23 Buffet 19/23 Room amenity 20/23 Other 21/23 Other 22/23 Bedroom 23/23 All photos(23) Other(6) Bedroom(5) Bathroom(4) Kitchen(2) View all photos Latest deals for Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 1 room, 2 guests Deluxe room See amenities C$ 62 View deal C$ 80 View deal C$ 99 View deal Show 5 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 69 View deal C$ 86 View deal C$ 90 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 127 View deal C$ 132 View deal C$ 224 View deal Show 1 more deal Standard Room See amenities C$ 108 View deal *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Parking Laundry service Laundry facilities Complimentary breakfast Hairdryer ATM on-site 24hr front desk Health and safety Daily housekeeping Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Carbon monoxide detector 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Cleaning products Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Linens Fan Fire extinguisher Smoke alarms Heating Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Services and conveniences Earplugs ATM on-site Safety deposit box Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Key card access 24hr front desk Bathroom Shared bathroom Shower Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Toothbrush General Landmark view Lockers Carpeted City view Privacy curtain Storage available Kitchen Shared kitchen Dishwasher Microwave Refrigerator Kitchen Accessibility and suitability Non-smoking rooms available Upper floors accessible by stairs Designated smoking area Things to do Board games/puzzles Evening entertainment Pool table Laundry Laundry facilities Laundry service Bedroom Reading light Socket near the bed Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Dining Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Parking and transportation Parking Media and entertainment Shared lounge/TV area Family friendly Complimentary breakfast Pool Pool Show all 69 amenities Reviews of Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle 8.3 Very goodBased on 3,065 verified guest reviews 8.2Couples 8.3Solo 8.0Families 8.2Friends Traveller type: Couples Solo Families Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention great locationfriendly stafffree breakfastbathrooms were cleanacross the streetgreat hostelhomeless peoplecurtains for the bedspike placetop bunkheart of downtowntortoise Traveler rating: Poor (22) Mediocre (13) Fair (26) Okay (29) Good (66) Very good (148) Wonderful (348) Sort by: Newest first P 10.0 Wonderful Peter, Feb. 2022 Pros:Great location. Great staff. Great price. Cons:Everything was great. A 9.4 Wonderful Amber, Apr. 2020 Pros:Location! Staff friendliness. R 8.8 Very good Russell, Jul. 2019 Pros:Location, free breakfast,free beer Cons:Fan on bunk wasn’t working, WiFi poor, two toilets wouldn’t flush D 10.0 Wonderful Daniel, Dec. 2018 Pros:I found everyone, staff and fellow travelers, excellent. A truly unexpected joy. When I return to Seattle, I will definitely stay here. Cons:Not enough time to hang out and enjoy the ambiance. A 9.4 Wonderful Ann, Dec. 2017 Pros:This hostel is right next to Pike Place Market, and an easy walk to the Washington State Convention Center and the ferry terminals. This hostel has really nice, modern bathrooms with overhead an shower sprinkler and good lighting. Free breakfast with eggs and toast. Kitchen is clean and well-kept. Cons:The top bunk was tricky to climb into because of the way the ladder is constructed. A 8.5 Very good Anonymous, Oct. 2016 Pros:Staff were really friendly and helpful. The beds were comfortable, storage was excellent. There was a great range of breakfast foods available and the period of time it was available was suitable for all. Awesome location, so easy to wander out and about, perfect place to base yourself in the middle of Seattle. A 8.5 Very good Anonymous, Oct. 2016 Pros:Location Comfortable, clean beds Lockers Social events & group outings Each bed with own fan, light, and curtains Sink in the room so you don't always have to use the bathroom Cons:Staff checking in my new roommates at 12:00 midnight and 1:00am, turning on the bright lights and waking a couple of us up. Could be rough if you had bad roommates, which I didn't - they were cool J 8.0 Very good Julie, Jul. 2016 Pros:Location, friendliness, effort, parking deal Cons:Ladders up to bunk beds A 9.7 Wonderful Anonymous, Jun. 2016 Pros:Location... different people.. kitchen facilities Cons:The room was too small for sharing accommodation.. things are bad while your co room mate have clothes and socks smell badly A 5.1 Fair Anonymous, Jun. 2016 Pros:Very kind staff. Cons:Reeaaaaalllly uncomfortable bed. Location 105 Pike Street, Seattle, WA 98101 What's nearby Seattle Art Museum157 m Pike Place Market239 m Benaroya Hall261 m Seattle Waterfront0.4 km Seattle Public Library-Central Library0.6 km Columbia Center0.8 km Olympic Sculpture Park1.5 km Space Needle1.5 km Chihuly Garden and Glass1.5 km Museum of Pop Culture1.5 km CenturyLink Field1.6 km Seattle Center1.7 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 2:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle Low season February High season March Average price (weeknight) C$ 131 Average price (weekend night) C$ 127 Cheapest month to stay with an average 22% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 148% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle If you’re after a cheap room at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in February and June. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle, plan to stay on a Saturday or Tuesday. The most expensive day is usually Wednesday. The cheapest price a room at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 98, while the most expensive was C$ 131. How long should you stay at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle Where is Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle located? Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle is located at 105 Pike Street in Pike Place Market, 0.5 km from the centre of Seattle. Seattle Art Museum is the closest landmark to Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle. When is check-in time and check-out time at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle? Check-in time is 2:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle. Does Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle offers free Wi-Fi. How far is Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle from the airport? Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle is 2.1 km from Seattle Lake Union Spb. Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle is 8.7 km from Seattle King County/Boeing. Does Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle have a pool? Yes, Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle in Seattle and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays Rental Domicile Suites at Helios0.07 kmC$ 129+ Rental 14th Floor Condo with Wifi & Shared Pool and Hot Tub - Amazing Location8.8 Excellent (5 reviews)0.07 kmKitchen, Balcony, Coffee machineC$ 237+ Rental 12th-floor condo in downtown location with private balcony, city views, & pool7.5 Good (4 reviews)0.07 kmKitchen, Balcony, Coffee machineC$ 341+ Rental Stunning Seattle Condo with Patio and Water Views10 Excellent (2 reviews)0.07 kmHot tub, Kitchen, terrace/patioC$ 395+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Seattle Rental 10% cheaperHigh Rise 2bd 2bth Home Pike Place0.22 kmKitchenC$ 73+ 3-star hotel The Oxford at Pike Place Market7.9 Good (828 reviews)0.28 kmWi-Fi, Coffee machine, Flat-screen TVC$ 96+ Rental Luxe Downtown Studio w/ Gym & W/D, near Pike Place Market, by Blueground0.2 kmCoffee machineC$ 114+ Rental Sleek Downtown 1BR w/ Gym, Roof Deck, near Pike St Market, by Blueground0.12 kmKitchen, Porch, BalconyC$ 122+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Seattle Rental Luxury seafront apartment in Seattle with balcony and air conditioning10.3 Any guest rating (18 reviews)0.21 kmC$ 349+ Rental Stay Alfred on Union Street10 Excellent (1 review)0.14 kmKitchen, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 290+ Rental Stunning Seattle Condo with Patio and Water Views10 Excellent (2 reviews)0.07 kmHot tub, Kitchen, terrace/patioC$ 395+ Rental Pike Place modern condo on the 21st floor with city & water views10 Excellent (2 reviews)0.08 kmSauna, Kitchen, BalconyC$ 204+ Good to know Value for money 8.6 Distance to downtown 0.5 km Nearest Airport Seattle Lake Union Spb Distance to airport 2.1 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Washington Hotels in West Coast Seattle Hotels Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle Top Hotel Destinations New York Hotels Ottawa Hotels Kananaskis Hotels Patong Hotels Istanbul Hotels Banff Hotels Mexico City Hotels Langkawi Hotels Vancouver Hotels Toronto Hotels Montreal Hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Whistler hotels Niagara Falls hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle discounts in Seattle with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle in Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Green Tortoise Hostel Seattle that suits you best. C$ 81 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.