Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites C$ 104 (C̶$̶ ̶2̶2̶3̶). Toronto Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites 175 Wynford Drive, Toronto, ON M3C 1J3, Canada +1 416 449 4111 From C$ 104 Cheapest rate per night 6.4 Okay based on 1,874 reviews Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Traditional Room C$ 104 View Deal Deluxe room C$ 141 View Deal King room C$ 158 View Deal 120 more Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites deals 120 more Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites deals About Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free Just a 15-minute drive from the city centre, Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites boasts an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and an indoor pool with a glass ceiling. Modernly decorated rooms offer free WiFi. Each room comes with a coffee maker, iron, ironing board and cable TV. Fitted with a granite counter top, the bathroom includes a hairdryer. Most open out onto to a balcony, while others overlook the ravine. The on-site DV bar and bistro prepares a variety of meals throughout the day. A full hot breakfast is served each morning. Other facilities include a fitness centre. Staff at the 24-hour reception area can arrange a taxi upon request. Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suite is a 7-minute drive from the shops at Don Mills, offering various stores and restaurants. It is 15 km from the CN Tower and 33 km from Toronto Pearson International Airport. Read more Photos of Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Bedroom 1/34 Outdoors view 2/34 Banquet hall 3/34 Restaurant 4/34 Restaurant 5/34 Pool 6/34 Bedroom 7/34 Lobby 8/34 Bedroom 9/34 Pool 10/34 Bedroom 11/34 Bathroom 12/34 Restaurant 13/34 Restaurant 14/34 Banquet hall 15/34 Front desk 16/34 Outdoors view 17/34 Bedroom 18/34 Bathroom 19/34 Bathroom 20/34 Bedroom 21/34 Bedroom 22/34 Outdoors view 23/34 Bedroom 24/34 Bedroom 25/34 Hallway 26/34 Bathroom 27/34 Pool 28/34 Building 29/34 Lobby 30/34 Outdoors view 31/34 Gym 32/34 Room amenity 33/34 Room amenity 34/34 All photos(34) Bedroom(9) Bathroom(4) Outdoors view(4) Restaurant(4) View all photos Latest deals for Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 1 room, 2 guests Standard Room See amenities C$ 183 View deal C$ 189 View deal C$ 195 View deal Show 9 more deals Traditional Room See amenities C$ 104 View deal C$ 153 View deal C$ 173 View deal Show 10 more deals Deluxe room See amenities C$ 141 View deal C$ 161 View deal C$ 200 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 161 View deal C$ 172 View deal C$ 176 View deal Show 10 more deals King room See amenities C$ 158 View deal C$ 159 View deal C$ 162 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Outdoor pool Indoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Room service Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Business centre Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Safe Dining Special diet menus (on request) Restaurant Bar/Lounge Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Microwave Breakfast in the room Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Coffee machine Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining area Dining table Basics Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Linens Towels Adapter Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Car rental Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Room service Express check-out 24hr front desk Safety deposit box Bathroom Hairdryer Private bathroom Shower Additional bathroom Additional toilet Bathtub Toilet Toilet paper Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Pay-per-view channels Radio CD player TV Accessibility and suitability Hypoallergenic No smoking Designated smoking area Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Disabled Access Elevator Pool and spa Heated pool Spa Indoor pool Outdoor pool General Garden view Interconnected room(s) available Storage available Telephone Parking and transportation Parking Private parking Airport shuttle Family friendly Babysitting or child care Cribs available Kids meals Outdoor Terrace/Patio Balcony Laundry Laundry facilities Iron and ironing board Bedroom Alarm clock Wardrobe or closet Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Things to do Golf Fitness Fitness centre Show all 98 amenities Reviews of Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites 6.4 OkayBased on 1,874 verified guest reviews 6.1Families 6.6Couples 6.4Solo 6.1Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention room was cleanstaff was friendlyswimming poolgreat locationfridge or microwavenice hotelfront deskpay for parkingroom servicebed was comfortablefood was goodbathroom floorbalcony doorearly checkfar from downtown Traveler rating: Poor (132) Mediocre (46) Fair (63) Okay (53) Good (84) Very good (66) Wonderful (88) Sort by: Newest first E 6.0 Okay Edison, Apr. 2023 The room need to be updated. Forty dollars charge for twenty minutes early checking is ridiculous. A 7.4 Good Anonymous, Dec. 2018 Cons:limited internet - spotty A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Mar. 2018 Pros:parking was reasonably price and location is right infront or at rear entrance Cons:wifi no so great and indoor pool in winter could be bigger A 4.5 Mediocre Anonymous, Jan. 2018 Cons:Stayed 2 nights, had to change rooms 3 times because the heaters did not work (I visited during the winter). Having to repack 3 times after a long day of working was not pleasant. The staff tried to brush it off, kept saying this never happens, yet three rooms in a row had non functional heaters. A 7.4 Good Anonymous, Jan. 2018 Pros:Room was nice, good view out the back. The pool was fun, one of the main reasons for our stay. Cons:Found a chicken bone on the floor of our room. The sauna was in bad shape, in dire need of updates A 7.7 Good Anonymous, Nov. 2017 Cons:Could not connect to wifi at all. A 9.4 Wonderful Anonymous, Jul. 2017 Pros:Hostess Crystal. Near all shopping amenities. Close to Don Valley Parkway. Cons:No microwave or refrigerator. A 9.1 Wonderful Anonymous, Jul. 2017 Pros:I loved the facilities! The pool, lobby, and other areas were reminiscent of a resort. It was also a very quick drive into the tourist area of Toronto without being as busy. Cons:Our toilet was clogged in our first room, but the staff quickly put us in an upgraded room. The first room was nice, especially for the price, but the second one was a definite upgrade. There was a balcony and tons of space! A 8.0 Very good Anonymous, Nov. 2016 Pros:the hotel is good for the value of money Cons:the elevator not working properly , no water boiler in the room P 7.4 Good Pemola, Nov. 2016 Pros:Nice pool and workout facilities, good location, comfortable bed, nice grounds around the hotel Cons:On demand wasn't working we called several times for someone to come and fix and each time they said they would and never did. The pool was being repaired as we swam (painted around the pool area), the breakfast included was great however the information was not conveyed correctly and we were apparently in the "wrong dining area" the exact same breakfast was in the "right " are so don't understand the comment by staff.Simple information about the breakfast and hotel was not available in the room directory so we actually had to call down to ask(no reason for this if made available in the room) Location 175 Wynford Drive, Toronto, ON M3C 1J3 What's nearby Aga Khan Museum0.4 km Ontario Science Centre1.5 km Royal Ontario Museum8.4 km Distillery District8.8 km University of Toronto8.9 km Toronto Eaton Centre9.1 km St. Lawrence Market9.3 km Nathan Phillips Square9.3 km Art Gallery Of Ontario9.6 km Hockey Hall of Fame9.6 km Kensington Market9.8 km Scotiabank Arena10.1 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 12:00 PM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Low season December High season September Average price (weeknight) C$ 225 Average price (weekend night) C$ 200 Cheapest month to stay with an average 17% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 38% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites If you’re after a cheap room at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in December and January. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites, plan to stay on a Friday or Thursday. The most expensive day is usually Tuesday. The cheapest price a room at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 189, while the most expensive was C$ 189. How long should you stay at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites How do I get from Toronto Pearson Intl Airport to the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites using public transport? If you are looking to take public transport to get from the airport to the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites, get on board the UP Express Pearson Airport train from the airport going in the direction of Union Station and get off at the Bloor GO station. From there, get on board the Subway Line 2 heading towards the Kennedy Station, and get off at the Broadview station. Once there, you will need to get on board bus line 100A heading towards Don Mills & Wynford, get off 27 stops later at the Wynford Dr At Erlington Ave East bus stop, and the hotel will then be a 3m walk away. The full trip will take about 1h and 15m. What are my options for breakfast when staying at the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites? Guests staying at the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites will have three different options to choose from for breakfast. A buffet breakfast is available every day for a fee of C$ 15.50 (about $12) plus tax, but if you prefer an a la carte menu, the DV Bar Bistro offers a breakfast menu which includes traditional items, healthy items and a special kids’ menu. If you happen to be there on the weekend, the bistro also organizes a brunch event every Saturday and Sunday from 11:00 am to 3:00 pm. What is the pet fee at the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites? The Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites accepts small pets and charges a fee of C$ 25 (about $19) plus tax per pet, for a stay of up to 3 days. If you are staying longer than 3 days, the pet fee will renew on the fourth day and then every three days. What are the services on offer for couples at the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites? Guests staying at the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites with their partners on a special occasion can book discount packages to make their stay extra special. You will be staying in a Deluxe Room, with the options of king and queen size beds. The next morning you can enjoy breakfast for two in bed, and you will receive a complimentary late checkout of 2:00 pm so you don’t have to leave in a rush. What are the parking fees at the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites? If you are looking at renting a car at the airport or driving to the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites, you will be able to self-park your car at the hotel for the fee of C$ 11.95 (about $9) plus tax per night. How can I order room service at the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites? While staying at the Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites, you can order room service by texting your order to a number that will be provided to you on arrival. You simply need to include your room number and the menu item number, and your order will be delivered to you.(Prices checked 01/07/19). Where is Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites located? Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites is located at 175 Wynford Drive in North York, 9.4 km from the centre of Toronto. Aga Khan Museum is the closest landmark to Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites. When is check-in time and check-out time at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 12:00 PM at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites. Does Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites offers free Wi-Fi. How far is Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites from the airport? Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites is 12.1 km from Toronto Island. Does Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites have a pool? Yes, Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites in Toronto and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays Rental 5% cheaperKohann Design Apartment0.52 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 158+ Rental Victoria Village, Modern Two Bedroom With Parking0.99 kmKitchenC$ 667+ Rental The Vacation Luxury Unpack, Relax, Enjoy9.8 Excellent (5 reviews)1.05 kmAdults only, Kitchen, kitchenetteC$ 505+ Rental Shops at Don Mills Furnished Apartments1.77 kmKitchenC$ 180+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Toronto Rental 5% cheaperKohann Design Apartment0.52 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 158+ Rental Shops at Don Mills Furnished Apartments1.77 kmKitchenC$ 180+ Rental Central 1+den1.97 kmAir-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 208+ Rental Beautiful 3 bedrooms facing library and school1.77 kmAir-conditionedC$ 312+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Toronto Rental The Vacation Luxury Unpack, Relax, Enjoy9.8 Excellent (5 reviews)1.05 kmAdults only, Kitchen, kitchenetteC$ 505+ Rental Victoria Village, Modern Two Bedroom With Parking0.99 kmKitchenC$ 667+ Rental Shops at Don Mills Furnished Apartments1.77 kmKitchenC$ 180+ Rental Beautiful 3 bedrooms facing library and school1.77 kmAir-conditionedC$ 312+ Good to know Value for money 6.6 Distance to downtown 9.4 km Nearest Airport Toronto Island Distance to airport 12.1 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in Ontario Hotels in Lake Ontario Toronto Hotels Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites Top Hotel Destinations Hinton Hotels Winnipeg Hotels New York Hotels Mykonos Hotels Regina Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Cancún Hotels Punta de Mita Hotels Honolulu Hotels Mazatlán Hotels Anaheim Hotels Dubai Hotels Playa del Carmen Hotels Ottawa hotels Mississauga hotels Tobermory hotels Kingston hotels The Blue Mountains hotels Wasaga Beach hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites discounts in Toronto with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites in Toronto. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Toronto Don Valley Hotel And Suites that suits you best. C$ 166 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.