Henia's Inn C$ 62 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶7̶1̶). Ottawa Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Henia's Inn 111 Warrior Street, Ottawa, ON K2V 0M2, Canada +1 613 204 2957 From C$ 62 Cheapest rate per night Henia's Inn Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Double room C$ 62 View Deal Deluxe room C$ 106 View Deal 37 more Henia's Inn deals 37 more Henia's Inn deals About Henia's Inn Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 4 individually furnished guestrooms, featuring kitchens with full-sized refrigerators/freezers and ovens. Your pillowtop bed comes with down comforters and premium bedding. Complimentary wireless Internet access is available to keep you connected. Conveniences include microwaves and irons/ironing boards, and housekeeping is provided on request. Amenities Make use of convenient amenities, which include complimentary wireless Internet access and a fireplace in the lobby. Business}, Other Amenities Featured amenities include luggage storage and laundry facilities. Free self parking is available onsite. Property Location With a stay at Henia's Inn in Ottawa (Kanata), you'll be a 4-minute drive from Bell Sensplex and 6 minutes from Kanata Centrum Shopping Centre. This hotel is 3.3 mi (5.4 km) from Canadian Tire Centre and 4.3 mi (6.9 km) from Tanger Outlets. Optional Charges Housekeeping is available for an additional fee The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. Check-In Checkin starts at 2:00 PM Checkin end at midnight The minimum age of Checkin 18 Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on property policy Government-issued photo identification and a credit card, debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for incidental charges Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be guaranteed Safety features at this property include a carbon monoxide detector, a smoke detector, a security system, and a first aid kit Be prepared: check the latest COVID-19 travel requirements and measures in place for this destination before you travel. There is no front desk at this property. If you are planning to arrive after 10:00 PM please contact the property in advance using the information on the booking confirmation. Guests planning to arrive outside of normal check-in hours will receive an email with check-in instructions and an access code. Guests can access their accommodation through a private entrance. Check-Out Checkout is done at 11:00 AM Pets Pets not allowed General instructions No elevators Essential workers only - NO Property is cleaned with disinfectant Staff wears personal protective equipment Protective clothing is available to guests Masks are available to guests Guests are provided with free hand sanitizer Social distancing measures are in place Property confirms they are implementing enhanced cleaning measures Individually-wrapped food options are available Individually-wrapped food options are available for breakfast Staff temperature checks are conducted regularly Bed sheets and towels are washed at a temperature of at least 60°C/140°F Commonly-touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant Property confirms they are implementing guest safety measures Cashless transactions are available Masks are compulsory at the property Professional property host/manager Read more Photos of Henia's Inn Bedroom 1/9 Kitchen 2/9 Bedroom 3/9 Bedroom 4/9 Kitchen 5/9 Kitchen 6/9 Hallway 7/9 Stairs 8/9 Bedroom 9/9 All photos(9) Bedroom(4) Kitchen(3) Stairs(1) Hallway(1) View all photos Latest deals for Henia's Inn Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Deluxe room See amenities C$ 106 View deal C$ 108 View deal C$ 114 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 62 View deal C$ 73 View deal C$ 76 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Henia's Inn Free Wi-Fi Parking Hairdryer Air-conditioned Kitchen Storage available Basics Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Parking and transportation Parking Kitchen Kitchen Bathroom Hairdryer General Storage available Show all 6 amenities Reviews of Henia's Inn 0.0 PoorBased on 0 verified guest reviews No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Location 111 Warrior Street, Ottawa, ON K2V 0M2 What's nearby Saunders Farm13.8 km Canadian War Museum20.5 km Lansdowne Park21.3 km Supreme Court of Canada21.5 km Rideau Canal21.6 km Canadian Museum of Nature21.8 km Parliament Hill22.1 km Peace Tower22.1 km National War Memorial22.3 km Bytown Museum22.3 km Shaw Centre22.5 km National Gallery of Canada22.5 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 2:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Henia's Inn Low season March High season August Average price (weeknight) C$ 113 Average price (weekend night) C$ 136 Cheapest month to stay with an average 16% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 31% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Henia's Inn Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Henia's Inn If you’re after a cheap room at Henia's Inn, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in March and January. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Henia's Inn, plan to stay on a Wednesday or Tuesday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Henia's Inn was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 92, while the most expensive was C$ 92. How long should you stay at Henia's Inn? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 1 day. FAQs when booking at Henia's Inn Where is Henia's Inn located? Henia's Inn is located at 111 Warrior Street, 21.5 km from the centre of Ottawa. Saunders Farm is the closest landmark to Henia's Inn. When is check-in time and check-out time at Henia's Inn? Check-in time is 2:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Henia's Inn. Does Henia's Inn offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Henia's Inn offers free Wi-Fi. How far is Henia's Inn from the airport? Henia's Inn is 18.2 km from Ottawa. Henia's Inn is 74.6 km from Ogdensburg. How does KAYAK find such great Henia's Inn hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Henia's Inn in Ottawa and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Henia's Inn and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Henia's Inn. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays Rental Deluxe Queen Room #1 in newly built house0 kmKitchen, wifi, air-conditionedC$ 154+ Rental 28% cheaperBeautiful 1 bedroom basement8.4 Excellent (10 reviews)0.39 kmKitchenette, air-conditioned, Laundry facilitiesC$ 80+ Rental Independent Studio Suite9.9 Excellent (12 reviews)0.85 kmKitchenette, air-conditioned, linensC$ 117+ Rental 32% cheaperCastlerooms8.1 Excellent (13 reviews)1.22 kmAdults only, air-conditioned, Laundry facilitiesC$ 76+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Ottawa Rental 32% cheaperCastlerooms8.1 Excellent (13 reviews)1.22 kmAdults only, air-conditioned, Laundry facilitiesC$ 76+ Rental 28% cheaperBeautiful 1 bedroom basement8.4 Excellent (10 reviews)0.39 kmKitchenette, air-conditioned, Laundry facilitiesC$ 80+ Rental Independent Studio Suite9.9 Excellent (12 reviews)0.85 kmKitchenette, air-conditioned, linensC$ 117+ Rental Deluxe Queen Room #1 in newly built house0 kmKitchen, wifi, air-conditionedC$ 154+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Ottawa Rental Independent Studio Suite9.9 Excellent (12 reviews)0.85 kmKitchenette, air-conditioned, linensC$ 117+ Rental 28% cheaperBeautiful 1 bedroom basement8.4 Excellent (10 reviews)0.39 kmKitchenette, air-conditioned, Laundry facilitiesC$ 80+ Rental 32% cheaperCastlerooms8.1 Excellent (13 reviews)1.22 kmAdults only, air-conditioned, Laundry facilitiesC$ 76+ Rental Beautiful 3 bedroom house1.51 kmC$ 168+ Good to know Distance to downtown 21.5 km Nearest Airport Ottawa Distance to airport 18.2 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in Ontario Ottawa Hotels Henia's Inn Top Hotel Destinations Montreal Hotels Kalispell Hotels Jasper Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Paris Hotels Queens Hotels Whistler Hotels London Hotels Puerto Plata Hotels Sherbrooke Hotels Calgary Hotels Drumheller Hotels Québec City Hotels Kelowna Hotels Toronto hotels Mississauga hotels Tobermory hotels Kingston hotels The Blue Mountains hotels Wasaga Beach hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Henia's Inn discounts in Ottawa with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Henia's Inn in Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Henia's Inn that suits you best. C$ 111 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.