OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas C$ 21 (C̶$̶ ̶4̶5̶0̶). Las Vegas Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Las Vegas, NV See location 6.3 Okay 7,811 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 21 View Deal 166 more OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas deals 166 more OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas deals Building 1/37 Outdoors view 2/37 Living room 3/37 Bedroom 4/37 Bedroom 5/37 Hotel amenity 6/37 Restaurant 7/37 Bedroom 8/37 Outdoors view 9/37 Gym 10/37 Bedroom 11/37 Bedroom 12/37 Restaurant 13/37 Bedroom 14/37 Other 15/37 Bar 16/37 Bedroom 17/37 Other 18/37 Bedroom 19/37 Gym 20/37 Front desk 21/37 Bathroom 22/37 Other 23/37 Living room 24/37 Other 25/37 Other 26/37 Conference room 27/37 Bar 28/37 Pool 29/37 Bathroom 30/37 Restaurant 31/37 Bathroom 32/37 Other 33/37 Restaurant 34/37 Room amenity 35/37 Room amenity 36/37 Other 37/37 All photos(37) Bedroom(8) Other(7) Restaurant(4) Bathroom(3) View all photos About OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free Situated in Las Vegas, OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas has direct access to McCarran International Airport and offers free Wi-Fi. It is conveniently located for those wishing to visit the area's popular attractions. Those staying at the hotel can relax in the swimming pool. Those staying at the property have access to express check-in/check-out, 24-hour reception and a meeting room. This hotel features rooms with an en suite bathroom, air conditioning and a TV. They feature bottled water, an alarm clock and an in-room safe. For those guests who enjoy discovering local dining options, there is a wide variety within walking distance. It is within walking distance of MGM Grand Monorail Station, which allows easy access in and around Las Vegas. Read more Latest deals for OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Queen room See amenities C$ 24 View deal C$ 56 View deal C$ 81 View deal Show 10 more deals Deluxe room See amenities C$ 96 View deal C$ 119 View deal C$ 150 View deal Show 5 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 21 View deal C$ 26 View deal C$ 28 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 35 View deal C$ 45 View deal C$ 49 View deal Show 10 more deals King room See amenities C$ 32 View deal C$ 41 View deal C$ 45 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Outdoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Room service Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Flat-screen TV TV Cable or satellite TV Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning Carbon monoxide detector Safe Services and conveniences ATM on-site Wake-up service Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Room service Key card access Express check-out 24hr front desk Safety deposit box Bottle of water Basics Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Shampoo Body soap Trash cans Conditioner Dining Special diet menus (on request) Restaurant Bar/Lounge Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Snack bar Ice maker Breakfast in the room Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table General Family rooms Interconnected room(s) available Pool view Storage available Seating area Telephone Carpeted City view Accessibility and suitability Pets not allowed Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Elevator Accessible parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Bathroom Hairdryer Private bathroom Shower Bathtub Toilet Toilet paper Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Pay-per-view channels Radio TV Things to do Casino Golf Bingo Evening entertainment Karaoke Laundry Laundry facilities Ironing service Laundry service Iron and ironing board Pool Outdoor pool Pool with a view Pool bar Parking and transportation Parking Private parking Bedroom Alarm clock Wardrobe or closet Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Family friendly Kids meals Children's high chair Outdoor Terrace/Patio Fitness Fitness centre Show all 104 amenities Reviews of OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas 6.3 OkayBased on 7,811 verified guest reviews 6.3Families 6.3Couples 6.2Friends 6.4Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention fridge in the roomgreat locationstaff was friendlyclose to the strippool areagreat pricehotel casinofree parkingroom was cleanvalue for moneygreat foodnon smoking roombed was comfortablefront desknice viewresort feedirty roomcoffee makereasy accessair conditionerfirst nightsteak and shakefriendly staffhooters restaurantlas vegasneeds updating Traveler rating: Poor (474) Mediocre (117) Fair (147) Okay (119) Good (118) Very good (131) Wonderful (234) Sort by: Newest first L 4.0 Mediocre Leo, Aug. 2022 Bathtub had loose fixtures and possibly mold along the edge. M 2.0 Poor Marie, May 2021 Pros:They hadn't cleaned the room at all - it was pretty dirty and there wasn't enough staff to handle rooms. Cons:Honestly mostly everything could have been better. R 9.4 Wonderful Roxann, Nov. 2020 Pros:I like that I had mo problems what so ever checking in W 2.5 Poor Willy, Jan. 2020 Cons:Bed Bugs. Nonchalant Staff. Poor Customer Service. Poor 3rd Party Customer Service. A 7.7 Good Anonymous, Dec. 2019 Pros:The beds were very comfortable. Staff was very nice especially Vanessa at the Front Desk. Cons:The hotel is dated and could use some upgrades on rugs and bathrooms. A 3.1 Poor Anonymous, Nov. 2019 Pros:considering our short stay, the bed was soft, but our sheets were dirty. Cons:we were escorted off the property with security after expressing our concerns to management staff about our shower not working and requesting a refund. we got to the hotel in the evening after a long day. the room looked unkempt, toilet paper in a toilet that wasn’t flushed, brown stains on the towels, etc. we went to bed that night and ignored the red flags because we were exhausted and didn’t have time to deal with it. we woke up to a shower that wasn’t working, water was literally just dripping. customer service just forwarded me to engineering for me to put in my own work order. it was as if no one cared. engineering then came to our room and spent a couple hours fixing the issue with no resolve. we had to head back to the convention center and i requested to be compensated for expenses so i could figure out something else to get showered and cleaned up for the trade show. after requesting a refund staff refused and had security escort us off of the property hours before checkout. A 8.2 Very good Anonymous, Nov. 2019 Pros:The Oyo Wow passes. Loved the complimentary drinks during happy hour. The Staff was very friendly. Ladwonna and Kenya the housekeepers Were Excellent! Cons:N/a A 5.1 Fair Anonymous, Nov. 2019 Pros:Because they were fully booked they upgraded me to a suite for free, the check in staff were polite and helpfull Cons:The whole hotel was run down, the upgraded suite I stayed in had old looking furniture, and the cleanliness of the space was doubtful. The shower had hair from the previous guests, you could see the carpets were dirty. The place was overall rundown, furniture painting was peeling off. Overall it just needs an upgrade. I paid $258 + tax because the whole town was booked and I had a last minute trip, but there is no way I would pay this kind of money for a room like this in any other circumstance. A 3.1 Poor Alfredo, Nov. 2019 Cons:Beds not comfortable, Hooters staff very unpleasant, Elevators took to long, Valet staff were missing at times A 2.2 Poor Anonymous, May 2019 Pros:The hotel was dated, dirty and in a poor location. We never even checked in. Cons:Everything top to bottom Location 115 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89109 What's nearby Big Apple Coaster0.6 km Eiffel Tower Experience1.3 km Shark Reef Aquarium1.5 km Fountains of Bellagio1.5 km Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art1.6 km Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Sign2.1 km Madame Tussauds2.3 km Mirage Hotel Volcano Show2.4 km Las Vegas National Golf Club4.9 km Stratosphere Tower5.3 km A Little White Wedding Chapel6.3 km Fremont Street Experience8.1 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Low season March High season July Average price (weeknight) C$ 139 Average price (weekend night) C$ 148 Cheapest month to stay with an average 73% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 83% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas If you’re after a cheap room at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in March and December. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas, plan to stay on a Saturday or Tuesday. The most expensive day is usually Wednesday. The cheapest price a room at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 112, while the most expensive was C$ 117. How long should you stay at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 3 days. FAQs when booking at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas What types of entertainment does the Hooters Casino Hotel offer for guests? If you are hoping to see a concert during your stay at the Hooters Casino Hotel, head to the Night Owl Showroom, an intimate venue that hosts a variety of performers and events, with past examples including Gordie Brown, Cherry Boom Boom, and a Motown themed concert. Additionally, the hotel offers poolside entertainment, such as a live DJ every Saturday starting at 1:00 pm, as well as movie nights during the summer months. What games can guests expect to find in the casino at the Hooters Casino Hotel? Spanning over 30,000 sq ft and known for being one of the most popular gaming spots in the city, the casino at the Hooters Casino Hotel features a variety of classic and unique games, including blackjack tables starting at just $1. Guests can play poker, roulette, craps, and a large selection of slot machines, as well as participate in the famous William Hill Sports Book, which allows you to bet on your favorite teams. What public transportation is close to the Hooters Casino Hotel? For those that are planning on using public transportation during their stay at the Hooters Casino Hotel, head to the Tropicana @ Duke Ellington (E) bus station that is directly in front of the hotel and services line 201, as it will allow you to easily travel through the city’s downtown and to some of the most popular casinos. If you need to catch line 119, simply head to the Reno @ Haven (W) station, which can be reached on foot in under 6min. One-way tickets can be purchased for $2, while a 24h pass will cost you $5. What good restaurants can be found within walking distance of the Hooters Casino Hotel? To eat some traditional American food inside of a unique Egyptian-themed restaurant, head to the Pyramid Café, a cozy eatery that is just an 8min walk from the Hooters Casino Hotel. If you are craving a hearty breakfast, triple decker sandwiches, or a classic patty melt, make sure to stop by the Backstage Deli that can be reached on foot within 7min. Della’s Kitchen is a popular farm-to-table restaurant that is a 9min walk away, and it is known for having healthy breakfast and lunch options that contain locally grown spices and farm-raised meats. How can guests go from McCarran International Airport to the Hooters Casino Hotel? Once you have arrived at McCarran International Airport, the easiest and quickest way for you to then travel to the Hooters Casino Hotel is by driving, which will take you between 5 to 10min depending on which roads you choose. If you decide that you would like to use Uber instead of a rental car or local taxi service, a standard fare will cost you approximately $12, while a larger UberXL will cost you closer to $20. The two locations are also connected via public transportation, and if you take bus lines 108 and 201, the trip will only last you between 30 to 40min.(Prices checked 12/08/19). Where is OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas located? OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas is located at 115 East Tropicana Avenue in East of The Strip, 8.7 km from the centre of Las Vegas. Big Apple Coaster is the closest landmark to OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas. When is check-in time and check-out time at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas. Does OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas offers free Wi-Fi. How far is OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas from the airport? OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas is 2.2 km from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas is 32.4 km from Las Vegas Boulder City. Does OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas have a pool? Yes, OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas in Las Vegas and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 2-star hotel Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip5.1 Okay (5,000 reviews)0.17 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 99+ 2-star hotel Americas Best Value Inn Las Vegas Strip0.19 kmRestaurant, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee shopC$ 47+ 3-star hotel Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Las Vegas - E Tropicana, An IHG Hotel8.5 Excellent (1,034 reviews)0.23 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 189+ 2-star hotel Candlewood Suites - Las Vegas - E Tropicana, An IHG Hotel9 Excellent (310 reviews)0.25 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 195+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Las Vegas 2-star hotel Americas Best Value Inn Las Vegas Strip0.19 kmRestaurant, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee shopC$ 47+ 2-star hotel Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip5.1 Okay (5,000 reviews)0.17 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 99+ 3-star hotel Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Las Vegas - E Tropicana, An IHG Hotel8.5 Excellent (1,034 reviews)0.23 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 189+ 2-star hotel Candlewood Suites - Las Vegas - E Tropicana, An IHG Hotel9 Excellent (310 reviews)0.25 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 195+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Las Vegas 2-star hotel Candlewood Suites - Las Vegas - E Tropicana, An IHG Hotel9 Excellent (310 reviews)0.25 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 195+ 3-star hotel Holiday Inn Express & Suites - Las Vegas - E Tropicana, An IHG Hotel8.5 Excellent (1,034 reviews)0.23 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 189+ 2-star hotel Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip5.1 Okay (5,000 reviews)0.17 kmOutdoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 99+ 2-star hotel Americas Best Value Inn Las Vegas Strip0.19 kmRestaurant, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee shopC$ 47+ Good to know Value for money 6.9 Distance to downtown 8.7 km Nearest Airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 2.3 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Nevada Las Vegas Hotels OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas Top Hotel Destinations Anaheim Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Chicago Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Cancún Hotels Delta Hotels London Hotels Kelowna Hotels Baie-Saint-Paul Hotels Boston Hotels Calgary Hotels Puerto Morelos Hotels Toronto hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Edmonton hotels Whistler hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas discounts in Las Vegas with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas in Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at OYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas that suits you best. C$ 33 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.