Jasper Downtown Hostel C$ 39 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶4̶4̶). Jasper Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Jasper Downtown Hostel Jasper, Canada See location 8.4 Great 1,772 reviews czw. 7/12 pon. 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 99 View Deal 12 more Jasper Downtown Hostel deals 12 more Jasper Downtown Hostel deals About Jasper Downtown Hostel Hostel Room An affordable stay with shared facilities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free Those who are going to be heading to the Jasper area will want to consider staying at the Jasper Downtown Hostel. The property has a very convenient location that should make it easy for the guests to reach most places they want to visit. They will find that the hostel can provide them with a range of amenities and features they can enjoy. When it comes to the accommodations, there are private rooms with ensuite bathrooms that can sleep up to four people. In addition, there are dorm rooms that have shared facilities for those who might be more conscious of their budget. Some of the different types of amenities found include night lights and privacy curtains in the dorm rooms. The private rooms will generally have a television in them. The hostel has a full kitchen available, as well as a lounge. It also has laundry facilities for those who need to do laundry and lockers for storing equipment. It is a comfortable property that can appeal to many different types of travelers. Jasper Downtown Hostel’s central location means that getting to the bus or train station, the Trail Office, and the Jasper Activity & Aquatic Center is always quick and easy. The property is not far from the Athabasca River, and there are many places to hike and fish throughout Canada’s Jasper National Park. Some nearby places to dine and drink include The Raven Bistro, Jasper Brewing Co., Montana’s BBQ & Bar, Maligne Canyon, and Syrahs of Jasper. Read more Latest deals for Jasper Downtown Hostel czw. 7/12 pon. 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Standard Room See amenities C$ 99 View deal C$ 130 View deal C$ 140 View deal Show 4 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 103 View deal C$ 147 View deal C$ 149 View deal Show 2 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Jasper Downtown Hostel Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Wi-Fi available in all areas Flat-screen TV TV Cable or satellite TV Internet Parking Laundry facilities Hairdryer Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Linens Fan Towels Fire extinguisher Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Body soap Air-conditioned Trash cans Health and safety Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas First-aid kit CCTV in common areas Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Kitchen Electric kettle Shared kitchen Microwave Kitchenware Stovetop Tea/coffee maker Toaster Refrigerator Dining area Kitchenette Things to do Hiking Board games/puzzles Fishing Game room Golf Canoeing Cycling Skiing Horse riding Water park General Family rooms Seating area Garden view Hardwood or parquet floors Lockers Mountain view Privacy curtain Ski storage Storage available Bathroom Shared bathroom Shower Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Walk-in shower Private bathroom Services and conveniences Earplugs Safety deposit box Mini-market on site Tour desk Key card access Private check-in/check-out Media and entertainment Radio Flat-screen TV Shared lounge/TV area Cable or satellite TV TV Accessibility and suitability Entire unit located on ground floor No smoking Upper floors accessible by stairs Designated smoking area Bedroom Reading light Socket near the bed Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Outdoor Terrace/Patio Grill Garden Laundry Laundry facilities Iron and ironing board Drying rack for clothing Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Parking and transportation Parking Dining Dining table Fitness Tennis Show all 91 amenities Reviews of Jasper Downtown Hostel 8.4 Very goodBased on 1,772 verified guest reviews 8.4Friends 8.3Families 8.6Solo 8.2Couples No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Location 400 Patricia Street, Jasper, AB T0E 1E0 What's nearby Jasper Municipal Library236 m Jasper Artists Guild & Jasper Art Gallery239 m Jasper Activity Centre343 m Jasper-Yellowhead Museum and Archives347 m Lac Beauvert1.7 km Lake Annette3.3 km Patricia Lake3.5 km Jasper Skytram4.2 km Lake Edith4.5 km Pyramid Lake5.2 km Mount Whistlers6.8 km Maligne Canyon7 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Jasper Downtown Hostel Low season May High season June Average price (weeknight) C$ 77 Average price (weekend night) C$ 93 Cheapest month to stay with an average 65% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 124% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Jasper Downtown Hostel Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Jasper Downtown Hostel If you’re after a cheap room at Jasper Downtown Hostel, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in May and April. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Jasper Downtown Hostel, plan to stay on a Tuesday or Saturday. The most expensive day is usually Sunday. The cheapest price a room at Jasper Downtown Hostel was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 147, while the most expensive was C$ 147. How long should you stay at Jasper Downtown Hostel? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Jasper Downtown Hostel Where is Jasper Downtown Hostel located? Jasper Downtown Hostel is located at 400 Patricia Street, 0 km from the centre of Jasper. Jasper Municipal Library is the closest landmark to Jasper Downtown Hostel. When is check-in time and check-out time at Jasper Downtown Hostel? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Jasper Downtown Hostel. Does Jasper Downtown Hostel offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Jasper Downtown Hostel offers free Wi-Fi. How does KAYAK find such great Jasper Downtown Hostel hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Jasper Downtown Hostel in Jasper and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Jasper Downtown Hostel and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Jasper Downtown Hostel. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays Rental Downtown Jasper Suite Beautiful Views0.05 kmTerrace/Patio, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 433+ 2-star hotel Astoria Hotel6.5 Good (1,361 reviews)0.1 kmRestaurant, Bar/Lounge, Free Wi-FiC$ 109+ Rental Downtown Jasper Suite9.3 Excellent (6 reviews)0.25 kmKitchenette, wifi, terrace/patioC$ 190+ 3-star hotel Whistler's Inn8.2 Excellent (1,490 reviews)0.29 kmRestaurant, Bar/Lounge, Free Wi-FiC$ 126+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Jasper 2-star hotel Maligne Lodge7.2 Good (1,560 reviews)1.19 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 93+ 2-star hotel Athabasca Hotel7.5 Good (1,212 reviews)0.3 kmRestaurant, Bar/Lounge, Room serviceC$ 98+ 2-star hotel Astoria Hotel6.5 Good (1,361 reviews)0.1 kmRestaurant, Bar/Lounge, Free Wi-FiC$ 109+ 3-star hotel Tonquin Inn7 Good (2,073 reviews)0.8 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 113+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Jasper 4-star hotel Pine Bungalows9.8 Excellent (4 reviews)1.44 kmBar/Lounge, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 183+ Rental Downtown Jasper Suite9.3 Excellent (6 reviews)0.25 kmKitchenette, wifi, terrace/patioC$ 190+ 3-star hotel The Crimson Jasper8.3 Excellent (1,207 reviews)0.31 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 144+ 2-star hotel Mount Robson Inn8.2 Excellent (1,545 reviews)1.12 kmRestaurant, Bar/Lounge, Free Wi-FiC$ 157+ Good to know Value for money 8.2 Distance to downtown 0.0 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in Alberta Jasper Hotels Jasper Downtown Hostel Top Hotel Destinations Venice Hotels Chicago Hotels Ottawa Hotels Sorrento Hotels London Hotels Playa del Carmen Hotels New York Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Panama City Hotels Saint-Jérôme Hotels The Blue Mountains Hotels Negril Hotels Banff hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Canmore hotels Lake Louise hotels Red Deer hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Jasper Downtown Hostel discounts in Jasper with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Jasper Downtown Hostel in Jasper. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Jasper Downtown Hostel that suits you best. C$ 38 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.