Niagara Lodge & Suites C$ 49 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶8̶4̶). Niagara Falls Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Niagara Lodge & Suites Niagara Falls, Canada See location 5.7 Passable 1,380 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 49 View Deal 84 more Niagara Lodge & Suites deals 84 more Niagara Lodge & Suites deals Pool 1/29 Bathroom 2/29 Pool 3/29 Front desk 4/29 Front desk 5/29 Front desk 6/29 Pool 7/29 Front desk 8/29 Pool 9/29 Bathroom 10/29 Front desk 11/29 Bedroom 12/29 Parking 13/29 Room amenity 14/29 Pool 15/29 Bathroom 16/29 Bedroom 17/29 Bedroom 18/29 Bedroom 19/29 Kitchen 20/29 Room amenity 21/29 Bedroom 22/29 Bedroom 23/29 Bedroom 24/29 Buffet 25/29 Parking 26/29 Bedroom 27/29 Kitchen 28/29 Bedroom 29/29 All photos(29) Bedroom(9) Front desk(5) Pool(5) Bathroom(3) View all photos About Niagara Lodge & Suites Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free Niagara Lodge & Suites offers guests traditional and inviting lodgings in the heart of Niagara Falls, Ontario. Its location, amenities, and rooms make this hotel an ideal option for business travelers, couples, families, and groups, especially those interested in economical choices in a centralized setting. Located on the popular Lundy’s Lane, Niagara Lodge & Suites is near many of the city’s popular attractions and less than 10 miles from Niagara Falls International Airport. While staying here, guests can enjoy proximity to such sites as Casino Niagara, Horseshoe Falls, Journey Behind the Falls, and the numerous shops and attractions on Lundy’s Lane. Accommodations are designed to meet the needs of different types of travelers. Guests may choose King Rooms with a heart-shaped spa bath and one king bed, Queen Rooms with two queen beds, or Family Suites with one king bed and two queen beds. All rooms feature free Wi-Fi, minifridges and microwaves, flat-screen cable TVs, sitting areas, workstations, and temperature controls. Each morning, guests can start their day enjoying a complimentary hot breakfast service, a perfect start to any day spent exploring the Falls or attending meetings. Additionally, many of the area’s best-loved restaurants and bars are just a short drive away. At Niagara Lodge & Suites, free parking is available to guests on the premises. The 24-hour front desk can provide concierge and shuttle service information, and guests can make use of the indoor pool and the business center as desired. Read more Latest deals for Niagara Lodge & Suites Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Queen room See amenities C$ 49 View deal C$ 51 View deal C$ 53 View deal Show 10 more deals Classic room See amenities C$ 93 View deal C$ 98 View deal C$ 106 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 53 View deal C$ 58 View deal C$ 61 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 111 View deal Deluxe room See amenities C$ 143 View deal C$ 168 View deal C$ 168 View deal Show 4 more deals King room See amenities C$ 110 View deal C$ 113 View deal C$ 113 View deal Show 9 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Niagara Lodge & Suites Outdoor pool Room service Free Wi-Fi Coffee machine Free parking Business centre Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Free toiletries Meeting/Banquet facilities Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Services and conveniences Business centre Wake-up service Safety deposit box Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Room service Tour desk 24hr front desk Basics Free Wi-Fi Internet Linens Towels Free toiletries Heating Air-conditioned Bathroom Spa bath Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom Kitchen Microwave Refrigerator Coffee machine Kitchenette General Family rooms Seating area Telephone Carpeted Media and entertainment Radio Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Accessibility and suitability Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Elevator Outdoor Grill Balcony Garden Parking and transportation Airport shuttle (surcharge) Free parking Laundry Ironing service Laundry facilities Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Dining Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Vending machine (drinks) Bedroom Alarm clock Things to do Golf Family friendly Babysitting or child care Pool Outdoor pool Show all 70 amenities Reviews of Niagara Lodge & Suites 5.7 FairBased on 1,380 verified guest reviews 6.6Solo 5.4Families 5.7Friends 5.9Couples Traveller type: Solo Families Friends Couples Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention breakfast was goodstaff was friendlyindoor poolnothing likegood locationroom was dirtygreat valuehole in the walltv didn't workbed bugsroom was not cleanhot tubbed sheetsbed was comfortable Traveler rating: Poor (223) Mediocre (53) Fair (40) Okay (39) Good (60) Very good (51) Wonderful (154) Sort by: Newest first A 5.1 Fair Anonymous, Feb. 2019 Pros:The free breakfast was good Cons:The apperance of the room needs to be fixed up. Hole in tiles around the jetted tub, holes under sink in the bathroom, no where for toilet paper to be hung so it sits on the back of the toilet(unsanitary). Needed to change sheets stains on both sets. Workers used same gloves they cleaned in to change out the food. A 4.0 Mediocre Anonymous, Aug. 2018 Pros:Very uncomfortable beds the sheets keep falling off because they’re not fitted sheets the towels were a very small that food was very much a mediocre at breakfast A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, Dec. 2017 Pros:Cheap low-end hotel for a night in Niagara Falls. Hot breakfast with lots of choices. Cons:$20 fee for taking food out of the complimentary breakfast area, as seen on signs, and confirmed with the staff?!?!? The rooms need to be updated and fixed up. A 3.1 Poor Anonymous, Jul. 2017 Pros:I got two rooms went with a big family we were referred to the sister motel A-1 inn. one room was just renovated so it was beautiful. And very comfortable. Cons:The second room smelled like arm pits. It had brown stains in the bathroom ceiling. The bath tube was falling apart, i didn't want to shower that night. I felt like I was in a horror movie especially because there was no phone. The staff needs to be better at costumer service more professional. A 4.0 Mediocre Anonymous, Aug. 2016 Pros:You get what you pay for. Cons:It's too far from the falls, holes in the walls, paint peeling from the walls. Bath tubs are old and dirty looking. It needs to be updated. So many other reason why not to stay to list. S 7.7 Good Steve, Jul. 2016 Pros:Room avoid size hot tub was great Cons:AC not working very well no knob to turn on properly Tiles in bathroom ceiling need to be replaced M 2.0 Poor mosesanton, May 2015 Pros:Breakfast was ok Cons:The staff was very short and didn't care much. The hotel room wasn't clean at all carpet smelled bad and room was so old and run down A 4.2 Mediocre Anonymous, May 2015 Pros:The only thing that made the stay worth it was the included breakfast, it was actually pretty good! Cons:The room was sketchy! There was a dead bug on the bathroom counter and wrappers and dried up food under the beds. The indoor pool had white specks floating around in it, the hot tub was empty, and the doors that said "Keep Doors Shut at All Times" were open with extension cords running from them! The male staff at the front desk were short and to the point. We felt like the hotel staff were doing the bare minimum to get by. A 2.2 Poor Anonymous, May 2015 Pros:Free breakfast was okay. Quick check in and check out. Cheap. Cons:Rooms smelt disgusting, holes and cracks in walls, stained towels and sheets, cold shower water, air conditioning unit that did not work, dirty floors and walls, dirty pool area. Location 7720 Lundy's Lane, Niagara Falls, ON What's nearby Niagara Falls History Museum2.8 km Niagara Fallsview Casino Resort3.7 km Niagara Falls Tower3.7 km Skylon Tower3.7 km Queen Victoria Park3.8 km Journey Behind The Falls3.9 km Louis Tussaud's Waxworks4 km Ripley's Believe it or Not4 km Niagara SkyWheel4 km Great Canadian Midway4.1 km Niagara Falls4.2 km Casino Niagara4.4 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Niagara Lodge & Suites Low season November High season July Average price (weeknight) C$ 54 Average price (weekend night) C$ 69 Cheapest month to stay with an average 40% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 118% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Niagara Lodge & Suites Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Niagara Lodge & Suites If you’re after a cheap room at Niagara Lodge & Suites, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in November and February. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Niagara Lodge & Suites, plan to stay on a Sunday or Wednesday. The most expensive day is usually Friday. The cheapest price a room at Niagara Lodge & Suites was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 60, while the most expensive was C$ 60. How long should you stay at Niagara Lodge & Suites? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Niagara Lodge & Suites Where is Niagara Lodge & Suites located? Niagara Lodge & Suites is located at 7720 Lundy's Lane, 3.3 km from the centre of Niagara Falls. Niagara Falls History Museum is the closest landmark to Niagara Lodge & Suites. When is check-in time and check-out time at Niagara Lodge & Suites? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Niagara Lodge & Suites. Does Niagara Lodge & Suites offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Niagara Lodge & Suites offers free Wi-Fi. Does Niagara Lodge & Suites offer free parking? Yes, Niagara Lodge & Suites offers free parking. How far is Niagara Lodge & Suites from the airport? Niagara Lodge & Suites is 15 km from Niagara Falls. Niagara Lodge & Suites is 36.2 km from Buffalo. Does Niagara Lodge & Suites have a pool? Yes, Niagara Lodge & Suites has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Niagara Lodge & Suites hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Niagara Lodge & Suites in Niagara Falls and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Niagara Lodge & Suites and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Niagara Lodge & Suites. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 2-star hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane3.8 Mediocre (401 reviews)0.1 kmIndoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 63+ 2-star hotel Comfort Inn Lundy's Lane7.5 Good (82 reviews)0.27 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 107+ 2-star hotel Fullerton Manor Inn7.5 Good (599 reviews)0.43 kmIndoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 113+ 3-star hotel Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Niagara Falls5.1 Okay (54 reviews)0.44 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Room serviceC$ 71+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Niagara Falls 2-star hotel Travelodge by Wyndham Niagara Falls Lundys Lane3.8 Mediocre (401 reviews)0.1 kmIndoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 63+ 3-star hotel Ramada Plaza by Wyndham Niagara Falls5.1 Okay (54 reviews)0.44 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Room serviceC$ 71+ 2-star hotel Comfort Inn Lundy's Lane7.5 Good (82 reviews)0.27 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 107+ 2-star hotel Villager Lodge Niagara Falls7.2 Good (318 reviews)0.6 kmOutdoor pool, Room service, Free Wi-FiC$ 111+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Niagara Falls 3-star hotel Best Western Plus Cairn Croft Hotel8.3 Excellent (615 reviews)1.95 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 130+ 2-star hotel Comfort Inn Lundy's Lane7.5 Good (82 reviews)0.27 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 107+ 2-star hotel Fullerton Manor Inn7.5 Good (599 reviews)0.43 kmIndoor pool, Free Wi-Fi, Coffee machineC$ 113+ 2-star hotel Villager Lodge Niagara Falls7.2 Good (318 reviews)0.6 kmOutdoor pool, Room service, Free Wi-FiC$ 111+ Good to know Value for money 6.5 Distance to downtown 3.3 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in Ontario Niagara Falls Hotels Niagara Lodge & Suites Top Hotel Destinations Lisbon Hotels New York Hotels Fredericton Hotels Cabo San Lucas Hotels Ottawa Hotels Orlando Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Tokyo Hotels Whistler Hotels Ocho Rios Hotels London Hotels Toronto Hotels Mississauga hotels Tobermory hotels Kingston hotels The Blue Mountains hotels Wasaga Beach hotels Niagara-on-the-Lake hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Niagara Lodge & Suites discounts in Niagara Falls with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Niagara Lodge & Suites in Niagara Falls. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Niagara Lodge & Suites that suits you best. C$ 56 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.