Lake Country Inn C$ 79 (C̶$̶ ̶9̶4̶). Kelowna Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Lake Country Inn Kelowna, Canada See location 7.9 Good 317 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 79 View Deal 25 more Lake Country Inn deals 25 more Lake Country Inn deals Bedroom 1/15 Building 2/15 Bathroom 3/15 Bedroom 4/15 Building 5/15 Bedroom 6/15 Building 7/15 Outdoors view 8/15 Bedroom 9/15 Bedroom 10/15 Patio 11/15 Outdoors view 12/15 Patio 13/15 Bedroom 14/15 Room amenity 15/15 All photos(15) Bedroom(6) Building(3) Outdoors view(2) Patio(2) View all photos About Lake Country Inn Inn Room Room at a smaller hotel or guest house Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free The Lake Country Inn is located in Winfield, British Columbia and is just over half a mile from the Aspen Grove Golf Club. This budget hotel opened in 2008 and has staff who speak both English and Korean. The hotel is five miles from Kelowna Airport and 40 miles from Penticton Airport. It has 28 air-conditioned guest rooms and free parking is available. This non-smoking hotel has a designed smoking area and offers vending machines for guests. It can be reached only a 10-minute drive from the popular Okanagan fruit stands. The hotel is near Reiswig Regional Park with Silver Star around a 35-minute drive from the establishment. It has an airport shuttle, tour and ticket assistance, and regular housekeeping services. Each of the rooms comes with complimentary high-speed wireless Internet along with cable television channels for guest entertainment. There are a sitting area and a private bathroom in every room. Some of the other room amenities include coffee and tea facilities, a telephone, a radio alarm clock, a hairdryer, and a pillowtop mattress for comfort. Each room offers two queen beds or a single king bed, a refrigerator, work desk, and microwave. Restaurants and attractions are right nearby. Guests can dine at Wooden Nickel Cub, Winfield Bakery & Coffee Bar, Bun Ta Pho & Grill, Canadian 2 for 1 Pizza, and more. Popular attractions in the area include Kangaroo Creek Farm, Swalwell Park, and Lake Country Art Walk. Read more Latest deals for Lake Country Inn Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests King room See amenities C$ 93 View deal C$ 106 View deal C$ 145 View deal Show 3 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 79 View deal C$ 85 View deal C$ 85 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Lake Country Inn Free Wi-Fi Private bathroom Coffee machine Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV TV Grill Internet Hairdryer Disabled Access Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out First-aid kit CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Enhanced cleaning Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Basics Free Wi-Fi Internet Towels Fire extinguisher Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Body soap Air-conditioned Bathroom Shower Bathtub Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom General Family rooms Seating area Garden view Telephone Mountain view Carpeted Kitchen Microwave Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Coffee machine Kitchenette Parking and transportation Airport shuttle (surcharge) Free parking Shuttle service (additional charge) Private parking Media and entertainment Radio Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV TV Accessibility and suitability Disabled Access No smoking Designated smoking area Services and conveniences Wake-up service Safety deposit box Key access Outdoor Grill Laundry Iron and ironing board Workspace Desk Dining Vending machine (drinks) Show all 56 amenities Reviews of Lake Country Inn 7.9 GoodBased on 317 verified guest reviews 7.9Couples 8.4Friends 7.6Solo 8.0Families Traveller type: Couples Friends Solo Families Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention friendly staffroom was cleangreat locationparking lotbusy highwayone nightfront deskkelownaclose to the airportfridge and microwavesecond floorbed was comfortabletraffic noise Traveler rating: Poor (6) Mediocre (4) Fair (9) Okay (9) Good (13) Very good (32) Wonderful (58) Sort by: Newest first P 10.0 Wonderful Paul, Apr. 2015 Pros:The Staff were very accommodating and the room was immaculate and it even had a nice scent when you walked in the door. It was the best value for the money. Location 10010 Highway 97, Kelowna, BC V4V 1V7 What's nearby Gray Monk Estate Winery3.9 km Ancient Hill Estate Winery9 km Fintry Provincial Park and Protected Area14 km Waterfront Park16.3 km Okanagan Wine and Orchard Museum16.4 km BC Orchard Industry Museum16.4 km Kelowna Art Gallery16.5 km Black Mountain Golf Club16.7 km Kasugai Gardens16.8 km Okanagan Heritage Museum16.8 km Mission Creek Regional Park17 km City Park17.4 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Lake Country Inn Low season October High season July Average price (weeknight) C$ 117 Average price (weekend night) C$ 91 Cheapest month to stay with an average 37% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 53% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Lake Country Inn Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Lake Country Inn If you’re after a cheap room at Lake Country Inn, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in October and December. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Lake Country Inn, plan to stay on a Saturday or Friday. The most expensive day is usually Sunday. The cheapest price a room at Lake Country Inn was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 90, while the most expensive was C$ 90. How long should you stay at Lake Country Inn? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Lake Country Inn Where is Lake Country Inn located? Lake Country Inn is located at 10010 Highway 97, 17.1 km from the centre of Kelowna. Gray Monk Estate Winery is the closest landmark to Lake Country Inn. When is check-in time and check-out time at Lake Country Inn? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Lake Country Inn. Does Lake Country Inn offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Lake Country Inn offers free Wi-Fi. Does Lake Country Inn offer free parking? Yes, Lake Country Inn offers free parking. How far is Lake Country Inn from the airport? Lake Country Inn is 8.1 km from Kelowna. Lake Country Inn is 64.3 km from Penticton. How does KAYAK find such great Lake Country Inn hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Lake Country Inn in Kelowna and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Lake Country Inn and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Lake Country Inn. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays Rental 5-star Okanagan Getaway Pet Friendly, large suite, many extras. Relax and Enjoy10 Excellent (1 review)0.26 kmSauna, Kitchen, game roomC$ 358+ Rental 4 Bedroom house with private backyard oasis and heated pool10 Excellent (5 reviews)1.17 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, barbecueC$ 1,151+ Rental Cozy 4 bedroom House with free parking-Unit 11.33 kmC$ 294+ Rental Gorgeous Home in Wine Country1.2 kmC$ 471+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Kelowna Rental Cozy 4 bedroom House with free parking-Unit 11.33 kmC$ 294+ Rental 5-star Okanagan Getaway Pet Friendly, large suite, many extras. Relax and Enjoy10 Excellent (1 review)0.26 kmSauna, Kitchen, game roomC$ 358+ Rental 4 Bedroom house with private backyard oasis and heated pool10 Excellent (5 reviews)1.17 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, barbecueC$ 1,151+ Rental Single Hose With 2 Bedrooms In Kelowna1.41 kmC$ 158+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Kelowna Rental 4 Bedroom house with private backyard oasis and heated pool10 Excellent (5 reviews)1.17 kmBalcony, air-conditioned, barbecueC$ 1,151+ Rental 5-star Okanagan Getaway Pet Friendly, large suite, many extras. Relax and Enjoy10 Excellent (1 review)0.26 kmSauna, Kitchen, game roomC$ 358+ Rental Cozy 4 bedroom House with free parking-Unit 11.33 kmC$ 294+ Rental Cottage on Organic Orchard7.5 Good (4 reviews)1.92 kmWi-Fi, terrace/patio, air-conditionedC$ 183+ Good to know Value for money 8.0 Distance to downtown 17.1 km Nearest Airport Kelowna Distance to airport 8.1 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in British Columbia Kelowna Hotels Lake Country Inn Top Hotel Destinations New Orleans Hotels Nadi Hotels Ucluelet Hotels Minneapolis Hotels Québec City Hotels San Francisco Hotels Tofino Hotels Nashville Hotels Toronto Hotels Markham Hotels Tokyo Hotels London Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Auckland Hotels Seattle Hotels Vancouver hotels Victoria hotels Whistler hotels Richmond hotels Kamloops hotels Harrison Hot Springs hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Lake Country Inn discounts in Kelowna with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Lake Country Inn in Kelowna. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Lake Country Inn that suits you best. C$ 84 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.