16 Best Hotels in London. Hotels from C$ 14/night - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW London hotels Search hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in London 1 room, 2 guests Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 Search ...and more Let KAYAK do the searching Save on your next stay Search and compare hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in London We’re completely free to use – no hidden charges or fees Filter by free cancellation, free breakfast and more Good to know Low season February High season May Average price (weeknight) C$ 438 Average price (weekend night) C$ 457 Cheapest month to stay with an average 54% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 39% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. Best London hotels Most recommended London hotels Show all The Z Hotel City 7.8 Good City of LondonC$ 239+ C$ 239+ Free Wi-Fi Holiday Inn London - West 7.9 Good EalingC$ 206+ C$ 206+ Free Wi-Fi citizenM Tower of London - London - Building citizenM Tower of London 8.6 Very good Tower HamletsC$ 313+ C$ 313+ Free Wi-Fi Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel, London - London - Bar Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel, London 8.4 Very good City of WestminsterC$ 518+ C$ 518+ Free Wi-Fi Holiday Inn London - Kensington High St. - London - Lounge Holiday Inn London - Kensington High St. 7.1 Good Kensington and ChelseaC$ 244+ C$ 244+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Park Plaza London Park Royal - London - Bar Park Plaza London Park Royal 8.4 Very good EalingC$ 198+ C$ 198+ Free Wi-Fi Novotel London Bridge - London - Lobby Novotel London Bridge 8.4 Very good SouthwarkC$ 388+ C$ 388+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly London Marriott Hotel Regents Park - London - Bedroom London Marriott Hotel Regents Park 8.2 Very good CamdenC$ 369+ C$ 369+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa Central Park Hotel - London - Lounge Central Park Hotel 6.5 Okay City of WestminsterC$ 196+ C$ 196+ Free Wi-Fi The Clermont London, Charing Cross - London - Lobby The Clermont London, Charing Cross 8.7 Very good City of WestminsterC$ 463+ C$ 463+ Free Wi-Fi King Solomon Hotel - London - Lounge King Solomon Hotel 6.1 Okay C$ 114+ C$ 114+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Hilton London Metropole - London - Bar Hilton London Metropole 7.5 Good City of WestminsterC$ 392+ C$ 392+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly JW Marriott Grosvenor House London - London - Lounge JW Marriott Grosvenor House London 7.3 Good City of WestminsterC$ 904+ C$ 904+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly London Marriott Hotel Maida Vale - London - Living room London Marriott Hotel Maida Vale 8.1 Very good CamdenC$ 300+ C$ 300+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Ramada London North M1 - London - Bedroom Ramada London North M1 6.1 Okay C$ 99+ C$ 99+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Hilton London Bankside - London - Living room Hilton London Bankside 8.9 Very good SouthwarkC$ 433+ C$ 433+ Free Wi-Fi Pool View more London hotels near London Victoria Station Show all St. James' Court, A Taj Hotel, London 8.6 Very good City of WestminsterC$ 449+ C$ 449+ Free Wi-Fi easyHotel London Victoria 5.7 Fair City of WestminsterC$ 160+ C$ 160+ Free Wi-Fi Corbigoe Hotel - London - Building Corbigoe Hotel 4.1 Mediocre City of WestminsterC$ 84+ C$ 84+ The Clermont London, Victoria - London - Lobby The Clermont London, Victoria 8.8 Very good City of WestminsterC$ 387+ C$ 387+ Go to map Search by stars 2+ stars3+ stars4+ stars5 stars Search by review score 6+ Okay7+ Good8+ Great9+ Excellent Search by price C$ 38 - C$ 276C$ 276 - C$ 514C$ 514 - C$ 752C$ 752 - C$ 989C$ 989+ per night Search by freebies Free cancellationFree breakfastFree parkingFree internet Where to stay in London Where to Stay and Have the Best Hotel Experience in London Do you need an A-list grand hotel that has welcomed royals or a foodie heaven? Maybe you seek for an affordable haven or a fancy townhouse. When it comes to hotels, you will find everything you need in London. Luke Abrahams 20 May 2023 From grand dames to world-firsts and some of the most exclusive addresses on the entire planet, London is home to the cream of the crop when it comes to stylish (and fun) hotel addresses. We’ve compiled the finest of the bunch that tick all the boxes, from romantic weekends to bank account-busting luxury and cutesy family stays. Explore more articles London: A Modern Babylon and Tireless Innovator that Ticks all the Boxes What and where to eat in London How to get to London Family travel in London Shopping in London What to pack for London Guide to Kensington and Chelsea, London Guide to Shoreditch, London Claridge’s, Mayfair London’s most famous and talked about Mayfair Hotel has welcomed everyone from members of the Royal Family, A-List celebrities, foreign dignitaries, and aristocrats since it first swung open its doors in 1812. Staff are always at the very top of their game and service is traditionally old school in this art deco glam blast from the past. The afternoon tea service is legendary, as are the world-famous Fumoir and Claridge’s bars. Rooms are ultra-luxurious, many of which are the work of celebrity designers from Andre Fu to Boss Studio. It’s a bucket list hotel that for over a century, has never failed to woo guests with its throwback charm. The Savoy London, The Strand The UK’s first “luxury hotel” has been setting standards high since it opened in 1889. Decades on, The Savoy has its fair share of headline restaurants and brilliant bars, the award-winning American Bar and the rather lush River Restaurant to name a few. Home to the Savoy Theatre, it’s a hotel that oozes character and history. It was a firm favorite of Oscar Wilde and Charlie Chaplin, and Hollywood greats from Marilyn Monroe to Elizabeth Taylor have swung by over the years. Rooms are maximalist in every way imaginable (the Gucci suite speaks for itself) with comfy beds and roomy tubs, plus the views over the Thames and London Eye are near unbeatable. The Connaught Hotel, Mayfair It Is Worth Staying in Central London Though it might cost a little bit more, staying in Central London will save you money in travel fares as so much of the city is easily walkable. This one is perfect for foodies and families. Sister to Mayfair grand dame, Claridge’s Hotel, The Connaught is all about fine living. The world-famous Connaught Bar draws in all the buzzing crowds, as do the hotel’s restaurants masterminded by chefs Jean-Georges Vongerichten and Hélène Darroze. Rooms come in all shapes and sizes and feature all the latest luxury amenities. For extra pampering, don’t miss the underground AMAN spa, and if you are looking for great family day outs, the concierge can plan everything from a personalized itinerary to car hire and more. The Hoxton, Southwark The Hoxton is easily one of London’s coolest stays. The vibe is no-fuss thrills with a design aesthetic that was truly made for the Instagram feed. There are several outposts in the city from the original in Shoreditch to Holborn and White City, but when it comes to wow factor, none beat the hotel’s Southwark outpost. Rooms are cozy, super snug, and some come with unbeatable views of the nearby landmark The Shard. The jewel in its crown comes courtesy of Seabird, the hotel’s rooftop bar and restaurant. The basque-inspired food is excellent, as are the views from the dreamy plant-flecked terrace. Mama Shelter, Bethnal Green The latest design-led hotel concept to hit Bethnal Green is the super cool and super affordable Mama Shelter. While it looks over-the-top the crowd trumps all the trends with their edgy slacks and alternative clothing brands, so if you are looking for a stay that’s different from the rest, this is where to check-in. The bedrooms are flat-packed and feature cheeky toiletries and bright velvet pillows on the beds. It’s more of a one-night kind of hotel, hence the absence of a wardrobe or minibar but the hope for the owners is that this will force you to go out and explore the local area. Breakfast is delicious, traditional, and not to be missed. The Culpeper, Spitalfields If you seriously want to experience a slice of east London, The Culpeper is where it’s at. The pub with rooms is perfect for adults in search of a fun and romantic weekend that won’t break the bank. Rooms are a vision of polished concrete, exposed painted brickwork, and finer industrial details, and you’ll also find one of the city’s most exciting cocktail and natural wine list menus in The Culpeper bar. Food? All deliciously seasonal and gourmet with menus that celebrate local suppliers and businesses. Rosewood London, Holborn The best part about staying here is its location. You are a hop and skip away from Covent Garden, minutes away from the British Museum and if you want to catch a show, Theatreland is a brisk five-minute walk west. A favorite of the likes of Justin Bieber, stay here if you want something extra special for the family. 24-hour room service is just one of the perks, as is the lower ground temple bar, ultra-moody Scarfe’s Bar and the Dining Room, a lovely spot to grab dinner in. Rooms come with all the mod-cons, including AC and marble bathrooms. Treehouse Hotel London, West End The Treehouse is all about having fun. It’s great for an adult weekend or families in search of a central London stay that does not max out the credit card. Conveniently located on the top end of Regent Street right next to the BBC HQ on Langham Place, the hotel is close to all the top attractions from shopping haven Oxford Street, Piccadilly Circus, Regent’s Park, and posh Mayfair. The hotel takes up five floors, all offering stylish places, whimsical backdrops, and from the bedrooms, epic views of the streets below. The Standard London Aside from its great prices and perfect location, the beauty of staying at The Standard is that it’s a great base for a double whammy: you can easily explore London and the rest of the UK thanks to nearby King’s Cross Station. Ultra-modern, the spaces attract a cool crowd who love nothing more than to chill on the hotel’s rooftop which boasts spectacular views of London and beyond. Standard rooms come with comfy beds and thoughtful minibars, and if you splurge on a suite, you’ll be treated to views of the very Gothic St Pancras station next door. The Pilgrm Hotel, Paddington If you fancy something a little out of the city, book a room at The Pilgrm. The Victorian townhouse is somewhat of a community staple with locals flocking to its coffee shop for perfectly roasted java. Bedrooms are wonderfully minimal and feature original fixtures and reclaimed 200-year-old parquet flooring. Food is another bonus and is made under the watchful eye of Ian Aungier. Expect casual eats that pack a flavorful punch. The hotel’s central suburban location means it’s easy to get to anywhere in the city and it’s within walking distance way from London’s popular Notting Hill neighborhood. The Zetter Townhouse, Clerkenwell As a travel journalist I get to spend a lot of time in hotels. London has some of the best rooms and suites in the world, so even if it is just for the memories, blowing the cash does pay off for an experience that is truly everlasting. For those looking for a very quirky, London-centric stay say ‘ello to The Zetter Townhouse. Tucked away in Clerkenwell, the homey boutique hotel is an advert for all things eclectic. Fun curios are dotted all around the place, in addition to period furniture and ornaments collected from different periods. There are only 13 rooms and suites, so it’s all about small living, but on a grand scale. The afternoon tea here is also legendary and the concierge will point you in the direction of all the cool shops, restaurants, bars, and cafes the locals can’t get enough of. When to book a hotel in London Price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for finding London hotel deals If you’re looking for a cheap hotel in London, you should consider visiting during the low season. You'll find cheaper accommodations in London in February and January. Hotel room prices vary depending on many factors but you’ll most likely find the best hotel deals in London if you stay on a Thursday. The opposite is true for, Friday, which is usually the most expensive day. Book at least 90 days before your stay begins to get the best price for your London accommodation. The cheapest 3-star hotel room in London found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 57, while the most expensive was C$ 584. How long should you stay? KAYAK users usually book their accommodation in London for 4 days. Considering it's one of the largest and most notable cities in the world, there are plenty of London hotels that offer world-class experiences - some great choices include the Sea Containers London and the Intercontinental London. You should also check out the Montcalm Royal London House and the Threadneedles Autograph Collection, as these are all some of the finest hotels available in London. London is a popular city for business trips and hotels will clear out considerably once the traditional work week ends. Plan your vacation in advance and with this in mind and you’ll have better luck finding a nice room within your budget. The Hilton London Canary Wharf and Park Plaza Westminster Bridge are two examples. Worried about getting around the city without paying for expensive cabs? Consider London hotels that are conveniently located next to the public metro system, such as The Portobello Hotel, which is less than a mile from Notting Hill Gate metro station. Consider also Ravna Gora Hotel, which is a cheaper hotel near this stop. If you’re planning to have a busy city experience with plenty of nightlife, take a look at one of the many London hotels in the West End. The West End is where most of the theaters, art galleries, and clubs are located. Prices for these hotels vary greatly, but you can often find cheap hotels in London if you plan ahead, even for hotels in Soho, like The Z Hotel. Don’t be afraid to choose a hotel in London located in a quieter and more calm part of the city outside the West End, such as in Kensington. Kensington has great access to the local metro, known as the Tube, and it is very easy to travel to central London and the surrounding local airports. Hotel Indigo and The Pelham London are two options that are both within range of the city center. For those who are catching trains at King’s Cross and would like to be conveniently located near the station, consider The Kings Cross Inn Hotel London, which is only 5 minutes away on foot. Another option is the cheaper Jesmond Dene Hotel, which is also 5 minutes away from the station. If you plan on making a day trip to waterside towns such as Southend-on-Sea you will definitely want to stay on the eastern side of London along Highway A13. The Premier Inn London Dagenham makes a good choice for this type of trip to get to the coast and also back to Central London. If you would like to get out and play one of the historic golf courses in this area, a great choice would be the Stokley Park Golf Club with a location just to the west of London. The Lime House is just a short drive to the south of the course. If you have never considered doing horseback riding as an activity on vacation but would like to give it a try when you are in London, a great choice would be to head east of London to the Docklands Equestrian Center. The Innkeeper's Lodge Hornchurch makes a great hotel choice in this area, yet still offers easy access to Downtown London. If the thought of doing target and skeet shooting while you are in London sounds like a great idea, a wonderful location would be to head to the Target Shooting School found southwest of London. The Park Hotel London offers a location quite close to this destination. FAQs when booking a hotel in London What would be a good London hotel choice that has a location that is convenient to both London Heathrow Airport (LHR) and downtown London? The Park Grand London Heathrow offers a location that is quite close to the airport and offers access by the underground system in around 20 minutes, yet it's only about 45 minutes from Downtown London on the underground system. If I am going to be flying into London City Airport (LCY) what hotel offers a location close to the airport yet still offers easy access to downtown London? The Prince Regent Hotel Excel London is just a short car ride of about 5 minutes from the airport, yet you can also get to Downtown London on the underground system in around 12 minutes. If I would like to stay in the historic neighborhood of Saint James in the center of London, what would be a good choice for a hotel? The Z Hotel Trafalgar and The Zedwell Piccadilly Circus make excellent choices for hotels right in the center of this amazing neighborhood. If I want to find a hotel in London with plenty of great restaurants within walking distance, what would be a good choice? Some of the best neighborhoods offering amazing restaurants include Bloomsbury and Mayfair. A good hotel choice to put you right in the center of these neighborhoods is the Piccadilly London West End, which has plenty of dining choices just outside the front door. What are good family-friendly neighborhoods in London, England? If you are visiting with your family, consider the London hotels in Kensington. This neighborhood is located near Hyde Park, and there are many kid-friendly museums in the surrounding area. The Knightsbridge Hotel is a great option located just within reach of Buckingham Palace and many other attractions in the city. What hotels in London offer especially good views? The Shangri-La Hotel, At the Strand in London is a luxury hotel known for having a beautiful panoramic view of the city, including Big Ben, the Tower of London and the Thames River. The Hilton London Canary Wharf is located in a modern area among skyscrapers, but still offers a lovely view of the London skyline. 45 Park Lane is another a luxury hotel that offers a view of Hyde Park. What are the best hotels near London Bridge? The London Bridge Hotel is a reasonably priced option located in a charming building that dates back to around 1915. Hilton London Tower Bridge offers spacious rooms and is located just next to the London Bridge metro station. The Lalit London is another chic option that is very centrally located. What are good spa hotels in London, UK? Hoping to treat yourself to a vacation full of pampering and luxury? The Taj 51 Buckingham Gate Suites and Residences is a 5-star hotel famous for its two restaurants and spa. The Hotel Cafe Royal is another 5-star hotel that has an extensive spa and health center. Where to stay in London? Those looking for a hotel in London on KAYAK tend to search in Soho, Kensington and Chelsea and in close proximity to Paddington Station. What are the best hotels near Paddington Station? Paddington Station being one of the most popular landmarks in London, many travellers enjoy staying close by. Novotel London Paddington, Hilton London Metropole and Royal Lancaster London are recommended hotels on KAYAK within walking distance. How much does a hotel cost in London? KAYAK users have found double rooms in London for as cheap as C$ 21 in the last 3 days. The average price is C$ 482. How much is a hotel in London for tonight? Hotel room prices will vary depending on facilities and location. The cheapest double room in London for tonight found in the last 3 hours was C$ 81. We also found 3-star hotels from C$ 31 and 4-star hotels from C$ 89. How much is a hotel in London for this weekend? In the last 72 hours, users have found London hotels for this weekend for as low as C$ 76 per night. Users have also found 3-star hotels from C$ 38 and 4-star hotels from C$ 42. How do I find a hotel in central London? After you launch a hotel search on KAYAK, you can refine your research by neighbourhood, which allows you to pick the central London districts. You can also do a search using the city map to choose a specific location, like London city centre How can I find hotels near me? Take a look at our extensive hotel map to find the best hotels near you. Where to stay in London? Our map will help you find the perfect place to stay in London by showing you the exact location of each hotel. What London hotel guests are talking about Show all What London hotel guests are talking about Hotels about topic Show all Lyall Apartment Hotel 8.4 Very good LewishamC$ 314+ C$ 314+ Parking Heatherbank Guesthouse 8.2 Very good C$ 196+ C$ 196+ Parking The Fox & Goose Hotel - London The Fox & Goose Hotel 9.1 Wonderful EalingC$ 231+ C$ 231+ Parking Popular topics free parkingcity center airport shuttleearly check in piccadilly circuscity centre car parking Popular in London London pet-friendly hotels London hotels with pools London 5-star hotels London family hotels London budget hotels London casino hotels London spa hotels London luxury hotels London boutique hotels London romantic hotels London last minute hotels Accommodations in London Hostel Inn Bed & Breakfast Vacation Rentals in London Airports in London Hotels near London Heathrow Airport Hotels near London Gatwick Airport Hotels near London Stansted Airport Hotels near London City Airport Hotels near London Luton Airport Hotels near London Southend Airport Landmarks in London Hotels near Paddington Station, London Hotels near London Victoria Station, London Hotels near Hyde Park, London Hotels near Piccadilly Circus, London Hotels near London Bridge, London Hotels near Trafalgar Square, London Hotels near West End, London Hotels near Buckingham Palace, London Hotels near Royal Albert Hall, London Hotels near Tower Bridge, London Hotels near Novello Theatre, London Hotels near Westminster Abbey, London Hotels near Oxford Circus, London Hotels near London Eye, London Hotels near Leicester Square, London Hotels near British Museum, London Hotels near Harrods, London Hotels near Bloomsbury Square, London Hotels near Kensington Gardens, London Hotels near Borough Market, London Hotels near University College London, London Hotels near Barbican Arts Centre, London Hotels near Grosvenor Square Garden, London Hotels near Russell Square, London Hotels near Oxford - Bond Streets, London Hotels near Southbank Centre, London Hotels near Big Ben, London Hotels near British Library, London Hotels near The Shard, London Hotels near Marble Arch, London Hotels near Palace Theatre, London Hotels near London Business School, London Hotels near Notting Hill Gate Station, London Hotels near Westminster Bridge, London Hotels near Cartwright Gardens, London Hotels near Lambeth Palace, London Hotels near Wigmore Hall, London Hotels near Lyceum Theatre, London Hotels near City Hall, London Hotels near University of London, London Hotels near Charing Cross, London Hotels near Apollo Victoria Theatre, London Hotels near Whitechapel Gallery, London Hotels near National Gallery, London Hotels near Royal Festival Hall, London Hotels near St George's Bloomsbury, London Hotels near Victoria Palace Theatre, London Hotels near Horse Guards Parade, London Hotels near Sloane Square, London Hotels near Tower of London, London Hotels near St Thomas' Hospital, London Hotels near Old Spitalfields Market, London Hotels near St. Paul's Cathedral, London Hotels near Southwark Cathedral, London Hotels near Eventim Apollo, London Hotels near Royal Opera House, London Hotels near Shaftesbury Ave, London Hotels near Chinatown, London Hotels near Holland Park, London Hotels near Selfridges, London Hotels near BT Tower, London Hotels near London School of Economics and Political Science, London Hotels near Kensington Palace, London Hotels near Guy's Hospital, London Hotels near Blackfriars Bridge, London Hotels near Madame Tussauds London, London Hotels near Westfield Stratford City, London Hotels near Theatre Royal Haymarket, London Hotels near London Palladium, London Hotels near Savoy Theatre, London Hotels near Olympia, London Hotels near Great Ormond Street Hospital, London Hotels near Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, London Hotels near O2 Shepherd's Bush Empire, London Hotels near Hyde Park Corner, London Hotels near Natural History Museum, London Hotels near Her Majesty's Theatre, London Hotels near SEA LIFE London Aquarium, London Hotels near Westfield London, London Hotels near Prince of Wales Theatre, London Hotels near University College London Hospital, London Hotels near Victoria Embankment Gardens, London Hotels near Piccadilly Theatre, London Hotels near Prince Edward Theatre, London Hotels near King’s College London, London Hotels near Vauxhall Bridge, London Hotels near Science Museum, London Hotels near London Bridge City Pier, London Hotels near Palace of Westminster, London Hotels near Green Park, London Hotels near Royal Courts of Justice, London Hotels near Sadler's Wells Theatre, London Hotels near Wyndham's Theatre, London Hotels near Imperial College London, London Hotels near Cambridge Theatre, London Hotels near Regent Street, London Hotels near The Gherkin, London Hotels near The Monument, London Hotels near Coliseum Theatre, London Hotels near St Katharine Dock, London Hotels near Tate Modern, London Hotels near London Dungeon, London Hotels near Noël Coward Theatre, London Hotels near St James's Park, London Hotels near Waterloo Bridge, London Hotels near Hoxton Square, London Hotels near Lambeth Bridge, London Hotels near Wellington Arch, London Hotels near Royal National Theatre, London Hotels near Portobello Market, London Hotels near Somerset House, London Hotels near Saatchi Gallery, London Hotels near Portman Square, London Hotels near Smithfield Market, London Hotels near Guildhall, London Hotels near King's Road, London Hotels near Shakespeare's Globe, London Hotels near Tavistock Square Gardens, London Hotels near The Mall, London Hotels near London Transport Museum, London Hotels near Parliament Square, London Hotels near Leadenhall Market, London Hotels near Royal Academy of Music, London Hotels near Royal Exchange, London Hotels near Victoria and Albert Museum, London Hotels near One Canada Square, London Hotels near Bedford Square, London Hotels near Millennium Bridge, London Hotels near Mansion House, London Hotels near St Giles-in-the-Fields, London Hotels near Temple Church, London Hotels near St. James's Square, London Hotels near HMS Belfast, London Hotels near Queen Mary's Rose Gardens, London Hotels near Westminster Cathedral, London Hotels near Senate House Library, London Hotels near Berkeley Square, London Hotels near St James's Palace, London Hotels near Royal Academy of Arts, London Hotels near St Paul's Church, London Hotels near Bloomsbury Theatre, London Hotels near Tate Britain, London Hotels near Hyde Park Speakers' Corner, London Hotels near Broadway Shopping Centre, London Hotels near London Canal Museum, London Hotels near 10 Downing Street, London Hotels near Imperial War Museum, London Hotels near Museum of London, London Hotels near Queen's Gallery, London Hotels near Beauchamp Place, London Hotels near Churchill War Rooms, London Hotels near Queens Theatre, London Hotels near Whiteleys, London Hotels near Brompton Oratory, London Hotels near Nelson's Column, London Hotels near London Stock Exchange, London Hotels near Park Square Gardens, London Hotels near Admiralty Arch, London Hotels near Bank of England Museum, London Hotels near St Martin-in-the-Fields, London Hotels near Pembridge Square Garden, London Hotels near Photographers' Gallery, London Hotels near Old Bailey, London Hotels near St Giles Cripplegate, London Show more Venues in London Hotels near Wembley Stadium, London Hotels near ExCeL London, London Hotels near Queen Elizabeth II Centre, London Neighbourhoods in London Hotels in Soho, London Hotels in Kensington and Chelsea, London Hotels in Hackney, London Hotels in Covent Garden, London Hotels in Islington, London Hotels in Westminster, London Hotels in City of London, London Hotels in Greenwich, London Hotels in Lambeth, London Hotels in Lewisham, London Hotels in Camden, London Hotels in South Bank, London Hotels in Wandsworth, London Hotels in Hammersmith and Fulham, London Hotels in Tower Hamlets, London Hotels in Southwark, London All hotels in London Hotels Hotels in Europe Hotels in the United Kingdom Hotels in England London Hotels Top Hotel Destinations Los Angeles hotels Las Vegas hotels St. George's hotels Virginia Beach hotels Oia hotels The Blue Mountains hotels Fiumicino hotels Victoria hotels San Diego hotels Cologne hotels Miami Beach hotels Mont-Tremblant hotels Toronto hotels Puerto Morelos hotels Tunis hotels Shanghai hotels Kelowna hotels Brampton hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Whistler hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK London Hotel Deals. Search and compare hotels in London. Find cheap hotel rooms in London. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap hotels and book the room that suits you best. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.