16 Best Hotels in Seattle. Hotels from C$ 47/night - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Seattle hotels Search and compare hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Seattle, Washington. Bundle your hotel + flight and save! 1 room, 2 guests Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 Search ...and more Let KAYAK do the searching Save on your next stay Search and compare hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Seattle, Washington We’re completely free to use – no hidden charges or fees Filter by free cancellation, free breakfast and more Good to know Low season February High season July Average price (weeknight) C$ 291 Average price (weekend night) C$ 301 Cheapest month to stay with an average 40% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 48% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. Best Seattle hotels Most recommended Seattle hotels Show all Hotel Ballard 9 Wonderful BallardC$ 694+ C$ 694+ Free Wi-Fi Pool The Moore Hotel 8 Very good DowntownC$ 250+ C$ 250+ Free Wi-Fi Ballard Inn - Seattle - Bedroom Ballard Inn 7.4 Good BallardC$ 343+ C$ 343+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Hampton Inn & Suites Seattle-Downtown - Seattle - Bedroom Hampton Inn & Suites Seattle-Downtown 8 Very good Queen AnneC$ 216+ C$ 216+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Holiday Inn Seattle Downtown, An IHG Hotel - Seattle - Living room Holiday Inn Seattle Downtown, An IHG Hotel 7.8 Good CascadeC$ 173+ C$ 173+ Free Wi-Fi Marqueen Hotel - Seattle - Bedroom Marqueen Hotel 8.1 Very good Queen AnneC$ 211+ C$ 211+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Four Seasons Hotel Seattle - Seattle - Lobby Four Seasons Hotel Seattle 9.4 Wonderful DowntownC$ 805+ C$ 805+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Georgetown Inn Seattle - Seattle - Beach Georgetown Inn Seattle 8.2 Very good GeorgetownC$ 193+ C$ 193+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Residence Inn by Marriott Seattle Downtown/Convention Center - Seattle - Living room Residence Inn by Marriott Seattle Downtown/Convention Center 8.5 Very good DowntownC$ 266+ C$ 266+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Ace Hotel Seattle - Seattle - Bedroom Ace Hotel Seattle 8.7 Very good DowntownC$ 306+ C$ 306+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Silver Cloud Inn - Seattle Lake Union - Seattle - Lobby Silver Cloud Inn - Seattle Lake Union 8.6 Very good CascadeC$ 267+ C$ 267+ Free Wi-Fi Coast Gateway Hotel - Seattle - Bedroom Coast Gateway Hotel 8.4 Very good C$ 189+ C$ 189+ Parking Airport shuttle Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Seattle Marriott Waterfront - Seattle - Lounge Seattle Marriott Waterfront 7.8 Good DowntownC$ 385+ C$ 385+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly College Inn Hotel - Seattle - Bedroom College Inn Hotel 8.3 Very good University DistrictC$ 159+ C$ 159+ Free Wi-Fi Hilton Seattle - Seattle - Dining room Hilton Seattle 7.8 Good DowntownC$ 239+ C$ 239+ Pet friendly Grand Hyatt Seattle - Seattle - Living room Grand Hyatt Seattle 8.7 Very good DowntownC$ 422+ C$ 422+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Spa View more Seattle hotels near Space Needle Show all citizenM Seattle South Lake Union 8.7 Very good CascadeC$ 167+ C$ 167+ Free Wi-Fi Mediterranean Inn 8.6 Very good Queen AnneC$ 232+ C$ 232+ Free Wi-Fi Hyatt Place Seattle Downtown - Seattle - Living room Hyatt Place Seattle Downtown 8 Very good CascadeC$ 215+ C$ 215+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Travelodge by Wyndham Seattle By The Space Needle - Seattle - Building Travelodge by Wyndham Seattle By The Space Needle 6.4 Okay CascadeC$ 140+ C$ 140+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Top Seattle hotels with parking Show all Hotel Nexus, BW Signature Collection 6.5 Okay NorthgateC$ 171+ C$ 171+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Fairfield by Marriott Inn & Suites Seattle Sea-Tac Airport 8.3 Very good C$ 188+ C$ 188+ Parking Airport shuttle Comfort Inn and Suites Seattle North - Seattle - Lobby Comfort Inn and Suites Seattle North 6.2 Okay NorthgateC$ 148+ C$ 148+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Hampton Inn Seattle/Airport - Seattle - Pool Hampton Inn Seattle/Airport 7.7 Good C$ 192+ C$ 192+ Parking Airport shuttle Travelodge by Wyndham Seattle North of Downtown - Seattle - Bedroom Travelodge by Wyndham Seattle North of Downtown 5.9 Fair NorthgateC$ 157+ C$ 157+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Go to map Search by stars 2+ stars3+ stars4+ stars5 stars Search by review score 6+ Okay7+ Good8+ Great9+ Excellent Search by price C$ 116 - C$ 263C$ 263 - C$ 410C$ 410 - C$ 557C$ 557 - C$ 703C$ 703+ per night Search by freebies Free cancellationFree breakfastFree parkingFree internet Where to stay in Seattle Stay with Style in Seattle Book your family a room steps away from the Pike Place Market, or take work calls looking out from high over Elliott Bay. Seattle’s many Downtown hotels (and a few in other areas) take advantage of the convenient location and great views, while each exudes its own style. Naomi Tomky 2 June 2023 Most of Seattle’s good hotels sit within the Downtown Corridor, and for good reason – the steep hill rising from Elliott Bay gives them access to the city’s amazing views. Many of the major tourist attractions are within walking distance, and for anything further away, the hub-and-spoke public transportation system and access to I-5 make it easy to get there. Outside Downtown Seattle and its outskirts, options are limited – but the hip, restaurant-blessed Ballard neighborhood has a pair of sibling hotels, and in the University District, a few hotels cater to students, faculty, and their families. Explore more articles A complete guide for a fantastic trip to Seattle Family travel in Seattle Shopping in Seattle What to pack for Seattle Guide to University District, Seattle Guide to Capitol Hill, Seattle Guide to Ballard, Seattle Guide to Chinatown-International District, Seattle Bars and nightlife in Seattle Day trips from Seattle Palihotel This trendy Los Angeles brand brings a sense of comfortable cool to Seattle, forgoing some classic hotel features (like a gym) in favor of practical touches that make traveling with kids easier: for example, usable common spaces and bunk rooms that fit the whole family. The prime location, just across the street from the Pike Place Market, makes for a short walk to the kid-friendly sites along the waterfront, such as the aquarium and Great Wheel. The Four Seasons Luxury fits all sizes and the Seattle location of this swanky chain comes with a location convenient to the Downtown attractions. Suites and large rooms with options for extra beds or cribs help keep the family together, and the outdoor pool helps keep kids entertained. The hotel aims to have child-size versions of every amenity, including a “children’s welcome” that makes kids feel special on arrival, and kid-friendly options on the restaurant and spa menus. The Thompson Part of Hyatt’s upscale brand, The Thompson’s sleek service makes for seamless stays, taking the friction out of a work trip. Digital check-in and a 24-hour gym make sure no time is wasted, while the floor-to-ceiling windows looking out onto First Avenue give a taste of the city even if you’re stuck at a desk. While the central location makes it easy to pop down to the Pike Place Market for a meal if you get a break, the creative restaurant and rooftop cocktail bar more than suffice if you don’t. Lotte Hotel High-minded design meets effortless luxury in this Phillipe Starck-designed building. Mid-century modern furniture, spacious rooms with amazing views, and a century-old Beaux-Arts church as the ballroom set this hotel apart from anything else. The location sets it apart a bit, too – it sits closer to the city’s office buildings and the convention center than the touristy waterfront. Ballard Inn In the heart of Ballard’s lively restaurant district, this small-scale boutique hotel works well on a one-person budget and puts guests just steps from shops and bars. Built as a bank in the early 20th century, the hotel trades some amenities (central air conditioning and an elevator in the two-story building) for quaint charm, and some rooms have a shared bathroom. However, the furniture, décor, and features are all updated and modern, and guests get access to the full athletic club with pool and spa attached to sibling property Hotel Ballard, which is just up the street. CitizenM The hotel contracted with local Native American artists on the exterior murals, which gives it a bit of local feel – and supports the community. This European brand gives its crisp, efficient style the Pacific Northwest treatment. The small rooms, fully controlled by smartphone, cater to folks that plan to spend most of their time elsewhere – but still want a clean, comfortable room for the night. Not unlike the hostel model, CitizenM focuses on creating inviting, social spaces in its bright lobby, with both a bar and a dedicated co-working area, fitting for its location in the middle of South Lake Union’s tech hub. Hotel Ballard Roll into the Farmers Market Sunday mornings, the street right outside the hotel becomes one of the city’s best and biggest farmers markets, with plenty of packaged food and crafts on sale, so you can shop even if you aren’t headed straight home. The suites at the Hotel Ballard bring a romantic feel with fireplaces, elegant soaking tubs, and tufted headboards, and all the rooms have upscale modern furnishings. Blackout drapes block any noise from the restaurants along busy Ballard Avenue, right outside, and those same places offer significantly better options for dinner a deux – or a couple than Downtown’s corporate offerings. Guests get access to the attached Olympic Spa (and, less romantically, the athletic center) for dual pampering, and the in-room dining comes straight from the excellent restaurant. Inn at the Market Sophisticated, modern rooms look out over Elliott Bay from right inside the Pike Place Market, and even the city-view rooms on the backside get to take in the crisscrossing ferries and sparkling lights reflecting up from the roof deck. High-end touches include Sferra linens and plush bathrobes, and in lieu of a spa, the hotel arranges for in-room massages. The hotel’s three restaurants include the French cuisine at long-running, beloved Café Campagne and Sushi Kashiba, helmed by Seattle sushi pioneer Shiro Kashiba. The State Hotel From behind an eight-story mural by Shepard Fairy, in the center of Downtown, the fun and casual State Hotel immerses guests in Seattle food culture, taking enormous pride in the Pike Place Market – just a block away. The lobby wallpaper features hand drawings of local seafood, mushrooms, and produce, and the restaurant serves many of the same ingredients in their “Market Fresh” dish. The hotel encourages guests to get out into the market and neighborhood, and guests can bring their meals back to the rooftop deck, which – like much of the hotel – showcases art by a local artist, in addition to the panoramic view of Elliott Bay. Hotel Andra Built with Scandinavian style in a historic Seattle building, the Andra feels sophisticated and timeless and is the only hotel in Seattle with a cooking school inside. Though it sat on the edge of Downtown when it opened, the tech boom in South Lake Union means that the neighborhoods now converge here, and guests at the Andra can take advantage of the dozens of cool restaurants catering to young, food-savvy crowds. But the hotel itself also holds two culinary treasures from the city’s first celebrity chef, Tom Douglas: Lola – one of his oldest and most beloved restaurants, and his cooking school – The Hot Stove Society. When to book a hotel in Seattle Price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for finding Seattle hotel deals If you’re looking for a cheap hotel in Seattle, you should consider visiting during the low season. You'll find cheaper accommodations in Seattle in February and January. Hotel room prices vary depending on many factors but you’ll most likely find the best hotel deals in Seattle if you stay on a Saturday. The opposite is true for, Friday, which is usually the most expensive day. Book at least 6 days before your stay begins to get the best price for your Seattle accommodation. The cheapest 3-star hotel room in Seattle found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 84, while the most expensive was C$ 485. How long should you stay? KAYAK users usually book their accommodation in Seattle for 5 days. Are you planning to visit Seattle and wish to remain fit during your stay? Consider booking a room in Crowne Plaza Seattle-Downtown. Located along 6th Avenue, this hotel features a fully equipped state-of-the-art fitness center that will help to keep you active during your stay in Seattle. The hotel also features an in-house restaurant. Are you looking for an excellent venue to host a wedding event in Seattle? Consider booking a wedding venue in the Fairmont Olympic Hotel. This hotel is widely known for hosting meetings and extravagant weddings in Seattle. Located along University Street, this hotel has a well-varnished meeting space that can accommodate approximately 750 guests. The hotel also features an indoor pool and a health club. If you are planning to visit Seattle with your lovely pet, consider booking a room in the Belltown Inn. The hotel has a pet-friendly policy that allows guests to stay with their pets. According to the hotel’s pet policy, guests must request pet accommodation at the time of booking. They offer limited parking services for travelers coming in with personal vehicles. They are located along Third Avenue. Are you a business person visiting Seattle and would like to stay in a hotel that offers 24-hour business center services? Consider booking a room in the Hyatt At Olive 8. Located along 8th Avenue, this hotel features a business center that operates on a 24/7 basis, which ensures that guests conduct their business affairs in the most efficient way possible. Are you craving to taste Pacific Northwest cuisine during your visit to Seattle? Consider booking a room in the Hilton Motif Seattle. Located along 5th Avenue, booking a room in this hotel allows guests to access the state-of-the-art rooftop bar that features handcrafted cocktails and Pacific Northwest cuisine. Plenty of cheap hotels can be found right in Seattle’s city center, near major attractions like the Seattle Art Museum, the Waterfront, and the Seattle Aquarium. If you’re looking for somewhere hip and modern that won’t break the bank, consider a stay at the Thompson Seattle on Stewart Street, which offers chic sophistication and a rooftop bar. There are plenty of boutique hotels in Seattle. If you’re looking for a ritzy option, try the Silver Cloud Hotel in the SoDo district or Pioneer Square. Travelers who want to stay in the Space Needle area should look at hotels around Queen Anne, such as the Staypineapple, The Maxwell Hotel. This neighborhood is also close to the Seattle Center and Chihuly Garden and Glass. Families might want to consider staying somewhere in Phinney Ridge, such as the Staybridge Suites Seattle, which is about a 10-minute drive to the Woodland Park Zoo. The hotel offers 2-bedroom suites with fully equipped kitchens, as well as a complimentary breakfast buffet and a 24-hour fitness center. There are also hotel with adjoining rooms like The Westin Seattle, which is closer to the city’s museums and galleries. Getting around Seattle is easy thanks to the wide range of public transportation options available, and there are plenty of accommodation options near the train stations. The Embassy Suites by Hilton Seattle Downtown, for example, is close to King Street Station. Staypineapple, Hotel Five is next to the Blanchard St and 4th Ave stop, which will take you directly to the city center in around 15 minutes. If you’re going to Seattle on business, the Grand Hyatt Seattle might be a good option, as you will find several meeting rooms with all the necessary amenities, including free wi-fi. Another great option if you are travelling for business is the Executive Hotel Pacific. Both hotels are in the Central Business District, only 0.3 miles from Downtown. FAQs when booking a hotel in Seattle Which hotel in Seattle features family-friendly amenities? If you plan to visit Seattle in the company of your family, consider booking a hotel room in the Sheraton Grand Seattle. Located along 6th Avenue, this hotel offers kid-friendly amenities, like babysitting or childcare services, which makes it a perfect choice for guests coming in with their kids. They also provide airport shuttle services. Are there hotels that suit persons with limited mobility in Seattle? Persons with reduced mobility should consider booking a hotel room in the The Westin Seattle. This is one hotel in Seattle whose entire unit is wheelchair accessible, making it a perfect destination for persons with limited mobility. Located along 5th Avenue, the hotel also offers special diet menus to guests on request. Which hotel in Seattle provides adult gaming amenities? If you are planning to visit Seattle for purposes related to adult gaming, consider booking a room in the Renaissance Seattle Hotel. Located along Madison Street, this hotel offers several adult gaming opportunities to its guests. Examples of adult gaming amenities at Renaissance Seattle Hotel include Horse riding, Ice Skating, Hunting, and fishing. The hotel also features a fitness center to help you stay fit after gaming. Can I find a hotel in Seattle that best suits a couple on a romantic vacation? Couples on a romantic vacation in Seattle should consider booking a hotel room in the Mayflower Park Hotel. This hotel is located along Olive Way and features Queen Anne-style furnishings that fit a romantic vacation. The hotel offers special diet menus to guests on request. How to find hotels near Pike Place Market? If you want to stay close to the famous Pike Place Market, then some value-for-money options within walking distance include the Mayflower Park Hotel and the Hotel Theodore. If cost isn’t a concern, then the Inn at the Market offers the closest accommodation, right opposite Pike Place Market. Which neighborhoods are close to Downtown Seattle? To stay close by the action in Downtown, the Belltown neighborhood is a good budget option that has a range of 3-star hotels, including the Hotel Max. For something a little roomier, try the Homewood Suites by Hilton-Seattle Convention Center at the edge of the First Hill neighborhood. Which hotels in Seattle are good for breakfast lovers? For lovers of brunch and breakfast, the Fremont area has a host of great bakeries, cafes and restaurants nearby, all within easy access of The Staybridge Suites Seattle. The upscale Fairmont Olympic Hotel is known for its lavish breakfast and brunch menu. How to find a peaceful and quiet hotel in Seattle? For families or those looking for a peaceful escape from the bustle of the city, there are some surprising choices downtown. Grand Hyatt Seattle is in a quieter part of town, while the Pan Pacific Seattle also offers travelers some secluded serenity, despite being right in the heart of the Downtown area. How much does a hotel cost in Seattle? The average price of a double room in Seattle is C$ 297, but it varies considerably depending on location, facilities, and seasonality. In the last 3 days, KAYAK users have found double rooms for as cheap as C$ 47. How much is a hotel in Seattle for tonight? The best deal for a 3-star hotel room in Seattle found by KAYAK users in the last 3 hours was C$ 85, while a 4-star hotel room the lowest price was C$ 176. The cheapest room found overall was for C$ 79. How much is a hotel in Seattle for this weekend? Looking to spend the weekend in Seattle? Here are the best deals found by KAYAK users within the last 72 hours: 3-star hotels from C$ 115 and 4-star hotels from C$ 129. The cheapest deal overall was for C$ 47 per night. How do I find a hotel in central Seattle? After you launch a hotel search on KAYAK, you can refine your research by neighbourhood, which allows you to pick the central Seattle districts. You can also do a search using the city map to choose a specific location, like Seattle city centre How can I find hotels near me? Take a look at our extensive hotel map to find the best hotels near you. Are there Seattle hotels with free parking? There are many hotels in Seattle that offer both parking and free parking. Popular choices among KAYAK users include Georgetown Inn Seattle, Coast Gateway Hotel and Hotel Nexus, BW Signature Collection. Where to stay in Seattle? Our map will help you find the perfect place to stay in Seattle by showing you the exact location of each hotel. What Seattle hotel guests are talking about Show all What Seattle hotel guests are talking about Hotels about topic Show all Travelodge by Wyndham Seattle North of Downtown 5.9 Fair NorthgateC$ 157+ C$ 157+ Parking Seattle Airport Marriott 8.1 Very good C$ 275+ C$ 275+ Airport shuttle Hotel Nexus, BW Signature Collection - Seattle Hotel Nexus, BW Signature Collection 6.5 Okay NorthgateC$ 171+ C$ 171+ Parking Georgetown Inn Seattle - Seattle Georgetown Inn Seattle 8.2 Very good GeorgetownC$ 193+ C$ 193+ Parking Marco Polo Motel - Seattle Marco Polo Motel 6.7 Okay FremontC$ 117+ C$ 117+ Parking La Hacienda Motel - Seattle La Hacienda Motel 6.5 Okay GeorgetownC$ 134+ C$ 134+ Parking Columbus Motor Inn - Seattle Columbus Motor Inn 6.5 Okay NorthgateC$ 111+ C$ 111+ Parking The Grove West Seattle Inn - Seattle The Grove West Seattle Inn 8.2 Very good West SeattleC$ 242+ C$ 242+ Parking Comfort Inn and Suites Seattle North - Seattle Comfort Inn and Suites Seattle North 6.2 Okay NorthgateC$ 148+ C$ 148+ Parking Hampton Inn Seattle/Airport - Seattle Hampton Inn Seattle/Airport 7.7 Good C$ 192+ C$ 192+ Parking Airport shuttle Popular topics university of washingtonairport centurylink fieldwater indoor poolfree parking light railfree breakfast Popular in Seattle Seattle boutique hotels Seattle spa hotels Seattle pet-friendly hotels Seattle budget hotels Seattle family hotels Seattle luxury hotels Seattle hotels with pools Seattle romantic hotels Seattle last minute hotels Accommodations in Seattle Inn Bed & Breakfast Motel Vacation Rentals in Seattle Airports in Seattle Hotels near Seattle/Tacoma Intl Airport Hotels near Everett Paine Field Airport Hotels near Seattle Lake Union Spb Airport Hotels near Seattle King County/Boeing Airport Landmarks in Seattle Hotels near Space Needle, Seattle Hotels near Pike Place Market, Seattle Hotels near Washington State Convention Center, Seattle Hotels near Seattle Paramount Theatre, Seattle Hotels near Pier 66, Seattle Hotels near Seattle Waterfront, Seattle Hotels near Key Arena, Seattle Hotels near Safeco Insurance Headquarters, Seattle Hotels near The Showbox, Seattle Hotels near Westlake Center, Seattle Hotels near Teatro ZinZanni, Seattle Hotels near Market Theater Gum Wall, Seattle Hotels near Seattle Great Wheel, Seattle Hotels near Harborview Medical Center, Seattle Hotels near McCaw Hall, Seattle Hotels near Benaroya Hall, Seattle Hotels near Seattle Aquarium, Seattle Hotels near Virginia Mason Medical Center, Seattle Hotels near 5th Avenue Theatre, Seattle Hotels near Chihuly Garden and Glass, Seattle Hotels near Amazon Corporate Headquarters, Seattle Hotels near Seattle Art Museum, Seattle Hotels near Waterfront Park, Seattle Hotels near Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Visitor Center, Seattle Hotels near Saint James Cathedral, Seattle Hotels near Seattle Repertory Theatre, Seattle Hotels near Columbia Center, Seattle Hotels near Smith Tower, Seattle Hotels near Pacific Place, Seattle Hotels near Pacific Science Center, Seattle Hotels near Seattle Children's Museum, Seattle Hotels near Denny Park, Seattle Hotels near Seattle Public Library-Central Library, Seattle Hotels near Pacific Northwest Ballet, Seattle Hotels near Frye Art Museum, Seattle Hotels near Museum of Pop Culture, Seattle Hotels near Seattle Children's Theatre, Seattle Show more Venues in Seattle Hotels near Seattle Center, Seattle Hotels near CenturyLink Field, Seattle Neighbourhoods in Seattle Hotels in Capitol Hill, Seattle Hotels in Ballard, Seattle Hotels in Fremont, Seattle Hotels in Belltown, Seattle Hotels in Northgate, Seattle Hotels in University District, Seattle Hotels in Northeast Seattle, Seattle Hotels in Queen Anne, Seattle Hotels in Northwest Seattle, Seattle Hotels in Cascade, Seattle Hotels in Central Business District, Seattle All hotels in Seattle Hotels Hotels in North America Hotels in the United States Hotels in Washington Hotels in West Coast Seattle Hotels Top Hotel Destinations Sudbury hotels Niagara Falls hotels Clearwater hotels Red Deer hotels Brooklyn hotels Montreal hotels Lake Buena Vista hotels Barrie hotels Las Vegas hotels Wasaga Beach hotels Surrey hotels Canmore hotels Banff hotels Whistler hotels Monteverde hotels Fort Lauderdale hotels Milan hotels New York hotels Toronto hotels Vancouver hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Seattle Hotel Deals. Search and compare hotels in Seattle. Find cheap hotel rooms in Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap hotels and book the room that suits you best. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.