West Side Ymca C$ 84 (C̶$̶ ̶4̶8̶9̶). New York Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW West Side Ymca 5 West 63rd Street, New York, NY 10023, United States +1 212 912 2600 From C$ 84 Cheapest rate per night 6.6 Okay based on 11,450 reviews West Side Ymca Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Standard Room C$ 84 View Deal Double room C$ 92 View Deal Deluxe room C$ 110 View Deal 105 more West Side Ymca deals 105 more West Side Ymca deals About West Side Ymca Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free For adventures and travelers looking to stay in the middle of all that Midtown’s West Side Manhattan has to offer, West Side YMCA can provide a budget-friendly option. Close by Central Park, the Lincoln Center, Times Square, and only steps away from public transportation and tourist attractions, West Side YMCA is a sightseer’s paradise. Explore New York from the heart of Manhattan at West Side YMCA as the guest rooms are located on the Upper West Side, right by Central Park and Columbus Circle. The hotel is conveniently located across from Central Park at Columbus Circle and down the street from the cultural mecca Lincoln Center, home to The Metropolitan Opera, The New York City Ballet, Jazz at Lincoln Center, and The New York Philharmonic. Guests can explore the friendly neighborhood filled with high-end retail stores, chic boutiques, trendy bars, live music venues and easy access to subways and transportation. Visitors will find themselves among the best-of-the-best restaurants and bars at Upper West Side. Located nearby are popular eateries such as Atlantic Grill, Boulud Sud, The Smith, and Rosa Mexicana. Being only five minutes from the subway, they can also easily explore the rest of what the intriguing city has to offer. Affordable accommodations at West Side YMCA include single or private double rooms, free high-speed Wi-Fi, televisions, refrigerators, and most rooms provide a beautiful view of Central Park. The hotel offers childcare, state-of-the-art exercise equipment, a café, and conference facilities. Guests will also have access to member benefits such as lap and recreational swimming pools, group exercise classes, sauna, and gymnasium. A safe community, budget-friendly accommodations, and ideal New York location make West Side YMCA the ultimate hotel for visitors looking to explore the city. Read more Photos of West Side Ymca Bedroom 1/12 Bedroom 2/12 Bedroom 3/12 Bedroom 4/12 Bathroom 5/12 Bedroom 6/12 Bathroom 7/12 Bedroom 8/12 Room amenity 9/12 Hallway 10/12 Room amenity 11/12 Room amenity 12/12 All photos(12) Bedroom(6) Room amenity(3) Bathroom(2) Hallway(1) View all photos Latest deals for West Side Ymca Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Double room See amenities C$ 92 View deal C$ 148 View deal C$ 158 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 84 View deal C$ 87 View deal C$ 102 View deal Show 10 more deals Superior Room See amenities C$ 208 View deal C$ 242 View deal C$ 300 View deal Show 1 more deal Deluxe room See amenities C$ 110 View deal C$ 129 View deal C$ 131 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at West Side Ymca Indoor pool Fitness centre Free Wi-Fi Flat-screen TV TV Cable or satellite TV Meeting/Banquet facilities Internet Spa 24hr front desk Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Thermometers for guests provided by property Safe Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Basics Free Wi-Fi Internet Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Smoke alarms Heating Body soap Air-conditioned Trash cans Accessibility and suitability Entire unit wheelchair accessible Disabled Access Elevator Accessible by elevator No smoking Non-feather pillow Upper floors accessible by elevator General Window Family rooms Soundproofing Lockers Tile/marble floor Storage available Pool and spa Heated pool Spa Indoor pool Sauna Pool towels Bathroom Shared bathroom Shower Toilet Toilet paper Walk-in shower Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Shared lounge/TV area Cable or satellite TV TV Services and conveniences Safety deposit box Meeting/Banquet facilities Key card access 24hr front desk Bedroom Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Dining Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Fitness Fitness centre Squash Workspace Desk Show all 68 amenities Reviews of West Side Ymca 6.6 OkayBased on 11,450 verified guest reviews 6.7Families 6.4Couples 6.5Friends 6.7Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention great locationroom was smallfriendly staffnext to centralshared bathroomcentral parkgreat pricegym and poolclose to subwayvalue for moneyshowersbunk bedprison cellcolumbus circle Traveler rating: Poor (130) Mediocre (53) Fair (94) Okay (70) Good (110) Very good (161) Wonderful (146) Sort by: Newest first P 10.0 Wonderful Peter, Feb. 2022 Pros:Stellar location. Great price. Cons:Nothing. Everything was great. M 10.0 Wonderful Miguel, Jun. 2021 Pros:Breakfast wasn't included due to Covid19. Cons:I hope the full facilities open real soon because it is a great located hostel for a reasonable price. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Jan. 2018 Pros:It’s awesome, centrally located near Central Park, Lincoln center, Columbus Circle, and mid town. There’s a Starbucks and AOL Time Warner building for shopping. F 6.0 Okay Fernando, May 2017 Pros:For my trouble I was given 2 entries to empire state building. Cons:Room floor was never cleaned. When I arrived I was given a room that was not clean. The second room was horribly noisy at night, it was in front of the elevator and the was a noise of something dropping inside a pipe. The third room I was in was in a floor being refurbished. This floor was very good but very noisy around 9 pm. After 1 night in the third room I was told I had to change. The manager wanted to give us 2 bunker beds and we are a couple, we payed more to sleep together. Fourth room was kind of OK. Notice that all the doors in the hotel make a big noise so you need ear plugs to be OK. E 7.1 Good Earl, Aug. 2016 Pros:Excellent location near Central Park, close to subway stops. One of cheapest places to stay in NYC. Single room had AC, small flat screen TV, desk and chair. Free wifi that works fairly well. Can store luggage before checking and after checking out for $2 per bag. Can use Y facilities, gym, pool, etc. Cons:Communal bathroom is usually a mess. Water on floor, sinks stopped up and horrible smell. Sometimes noisy with slamming doors so bring ear plugs just in case A 7.4 Good Anonymous, Dec. 2016 Pros:Sheets and a blanket was a pleasent surprise! Also cleaning every day was luxury thing. Room was warm and the hallways were in good condition. Bed was comfy too. Staff in helpful and you can enter the guesthouse anytime. Cons:The toilet at the 9th floor is hidious. There was some little bugs flying, I thought that okay whatever, but when I saw a cocroach I thought this is too much. You can use the swimming pools showers and toilets, they are renovated and in excellent condition. A 9.4 Wonderful Anonymous, Dec. 2015 Pros:Pool was fun. Staff was wonderful. Room was inexpensive. Location was great. Room 905 -- private bathroom was nice for us traveling as a father and son. Cons:Very Spartan. Feels like an old apartment building or dorm room -- room floor is linoleum, tile is old, windows are old. The room felt clean, but there is grime in the corners. A 8.0 Very good Anonymous, Nov. 2015 Pros:Best location Cons:Bed is not comfortable A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Nov. 2015 Pros:The whole place in general is very safe and monitored. So the safety problem doesnt really exist there. The windows open to provide fresh air. Lots of bathrooms. Easy area to get out of and get to whereever you need to be. Cons:However, they have a curfew, a human body limit per room and will try to charge you for as much as possible during your stay. I had to rent a DOUBLE bed room because i had a friend stay over (which apparently isnt allowed). No food, only 99c soap to shower with and no ventelation in bathrooms. staff is rude at any chance they get and the other guests staying there weren't any better. They even charge you per bag if you want to leave your bags in the locker room. A 5.7 Fair Anonymous, Sep. 2015 Pros:Location was excellent and price was affordable. $2 to store a bag was reasonable and security staff assisted with that cheerfully. Cons:Perhaps it was an off day, but the 8th floor had a pervasive odor that was unpleasant to say the least. I also was cursed with untidy floor mates who messed up the bathroom and this wasn't cleaned during the 14 hours I was sharing it. The front desk also had an indifferent attitude while checking in - almost as if my presence was disturbing their other plans for the evening. I am pretty tolerant of shared facilities and budget properties in NY, but overall this experience managed to fall even below those standards. I enjoyed my stay at the East Side Y last year, but this stay at the West Side Y left a lot to be desired. Location 5 West 63rd Street, New York, NY 10023 What's nearby Fifth Avenue0.9 km Museum of Modern Art1.1 km Frick Collection1.2 km Broadway1.2 km Rockefeller Center1.3 km Times Square1.4 km Metropolitan Museum of Art1.7 km Central Park1.9 km New York Public Library2 km Bryant Park2 km Grand Central Terminal2 km Empire State Building2.5 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about West Side Ymca Low season February High season December Average price (weeknight) C$ 179 Average price (weekend night) C$ 281 Cheapest month to stay with an average 45% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 47% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at West Side Ymca Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at West Side Ymca If you’re after a cheap room at West Side Ymca, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in February and January. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at West Side Ymca, plan to stay on a Tuesday or Sunday. The most expensive day is usually Wednesday. The cheapest price a room at West Side Ymca was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 131, while the most expensive was C$ 131. How long should you stay at West Side Ymca? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 3 days. FAQs when booking at West Side Ymca What family services does the West Side YMCA offer to guests with kids? This hostel has family rooms, providing ample space for families looking to share a room. All the rooms at the hostel are soundproof, therefore ideal for blurring out the kids' noise. The hostel offers baby cribs upon request for kids aged one year and below, and extra beds at an additional cost for kids between 2 and 3 years. Ensure you request the baby cribs and extra beds in advance to ensure availability. This hostel has indoor and outdoor swimming pools where you can engage in swimming activities with your family, including family and kids' swim lessons. The hostel has a game room where kids can engage in age-appropriate games. You can also play squash with your family at the hostel. Can I hold an event at the West Side YMCA? If you want to host an event, including birthday parties, this YMCA hostel offers various meeting and event spaces that you can rent for short-term, full-day, and extended events. The hostel offers meeting spaces for less than 50 people, including the 2nd floor barre studio, 2nd floor activity room, and fireside lounge, each charging hourly for the event space. For an event of more than 50 people, the hostel offers the Marjorie S. Deane Little Theatre, holding up to 145 guests; the King Alonso Room, holding 100 guests maximum; the Parkside Lunge, with a 55-guest capacity; and the Social Justice Room, with a 50-guest capacity. What accessibility services does the West Side YMCA offer to guests with special needs? Catering to individuals with limited mobility, the YMCA hostel ensures hassle-free accessibility. The entire hostel unit has been designed to be wheelchair-accessible. The hostel has a well-maintained elevator, which serves as an essential link to the upper floors, where some of the hostel rooms are located. This elevator complements the hostel's commitment to fostering a comfortable and welcoming environment for all guests. The hostel's dedication to universal accessibility sets it apart as one of the most accessible hostels, prioritizing the guest's diverse needs. Does the West Side YMCA offer early check-in and late check-out services? Arrive at the hotel earlier than your expected check-in time or, if you want to, extend your stay in a room after check-out. You may get the room for early check-in and extension at an additional fee, subject to availability. Ensure you inform the hostel in advance of your plan to check in early or check out late to ensure availability and for easy travel planning. If you are still looking for a room for early check-in or late check-out, you can utilize the hostel's storage facilities for your luggage as you look for an alternative. Is the West Side YMCA hostel suitable for solo travelers? If you are looking for a communal feel when visiting New York, staying at this YMCA hostel offers great opportunities and accommodation for backpackers, as it is a hostel known chiefly for students, backpackers, and guests looking for low-budget hostel options. The hostel has shared rooms with bunk beds. The hostel also has a communal bathroom with no en suite bathroom. This hostel creates an interactive environment in the fitness center through group exercise classes, including yoga and Pilates, a game room, and an outdoor swimming pool. The hostel ensures the safety of your belongings by providing lockers for luggage storage. Where is West Side Ymca located? West Side Ymca is located at 5 West 63rd Street in Upper West Side, 1.7 km from the centre of New York. Fifth Avenue is the closest landmark to West Side Ymca. When is check-in time and check-out time at West Side Ymca? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at West Side Ymca. Does West Side Ymca offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, West Side Ymca offers free Wi-Fi. How far is West Side Ymca from the airport? West Side Ymca is 4.1 km from New York Skyports SPB. Does West Side Ymca have a pool? Yes, West Side Ymca has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great West Side Ymca hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at West Side Ymca in New York and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at West Side Ymca and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for West Side Ymca. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 4-star hotel Empire Hotel6.8 Good (4,107 reviews)0.19 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 198+ 5-star hotel Trump International Hotel & Tower New York8.9 Excellent (1,133 reviews)0.21 kmIndoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 891+ 5-star hotel Mandarin Oriental New York8.5 Excellent (298 reviews)0.26 kmIndoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 865+ 4-star hotel 6 Columbus Central Park Hotel10 Excellent (1 review)0.42 kmRoom service, Free Wi-Fi, Flat-screen TVC$ 226+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in New York 3-star hotel 67% cheaperChurchill at 235 West 56th0.58 kmC$ 37+ 3-star hotel Da Vinci Hotel7.3 Good (1,079 reviews)0.6 kmRestaurant, Bar/Lounge, Room serviceC$ 186+ 4-star hotel Empire Hotel6.8 Good (4,107 reviews)0.19 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 198+ 4-star hotel 6 Columbus Central Park Hotel10 Excellent (1 review)0.42 kmRoom service, Free Wi-Fi, Flat-screen TVC$ 226+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in New York 4-star hotel 6 Columbus Central Park Hotel10 Excellent (1 review)0.42 kmRoom service, Free Wi-Fi, Flat-screen TVC$ 226+ 5-star hotel Trump International Hotel & Tower New York8.9 Excellent (1,133 reviews)0.21 kmIndoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 891+ 5-star hotel Mandarin Oriental New York8.5 Excellent (298 reviews)0.26 kmIndoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 865+ 4-star hotel JW Marriott Essex House New York8.1 Excellent (439 reviews)0.52 kmSpa and wellness centre, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 600+ Good to know Value for money 7.2 Distance to downtown 1.7 km Nearest Airport New York Skyports SPB Distance to airport 4.0 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in New York State Hotels in Long Island New York Hotels West Side Ymca Top Hotel Destinations New Orleans Hotels Portsmouth Hotels Portland Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Charlottetown Hotels Moncton Hotels Palma de Mallorca Hotels San Antonio Hotels Lake Louise Hotels Vancouver Hotels Fort Lauderdale Hotels Seattle Hotels Hollywood Hotels Miami Beach Hotels Toronto hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for West Side Ymca discounts in New York with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for West Side Ymca in New York. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at West Side Ymca that suits you best. C$ 113 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.