Island Travel Inn C$ 83 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶1̶1̶). Victoria Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Island Travel Inn Victoria, Canada See location 5.5 Passable 1,767 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 83 View Deal 39 more Island Travel Inn deals 39 more Island Travel Inn deals Bedroom 1/15 Bedroom 2/15 Bedroom 3/15 Bedroom 4/15 Building 5/15 Bedroom 6/15 Bedroom 7/15 Bedroom 8/15 Bedroom 9/15 Bedroom 10/15 Bedroom 11/15 Bedroom 12/15 Building 13/15 Bedroom 14/15 Building 15/15 All photos(15) Bedroom(12) Building(3) View all photos About Island Travel Inn Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free Island Travel Inn is located in the downtown area of Victoria, British Columbia. Those who are staying at the hotel will be close to many popular local attractions and businesses, making this a good option for those who are on vacation, as well as those who are traveling for work. The property features 78 rooms and it is a family-friendly location. Languages spoken at the hotel include Arabic, Spanish, and English. Guests at the property will be able to choose from single rooms, rooms with two king beds, a king suite, and an executive suite. Some of the types of amenities found in these rooms include refrigerators, microwaves, free wireless Internet, phones, free local calls, desks, coffee and tea making facilities, blackout drapes, and daily housekeeping. An iron and ironing board is available on request. The hotel offers free parking, laundry facilities, a 24hr desk, a business center, free wireless Internet in many of the public spaces, concierge services, and television in the common areas. The hotel is conveniently located near the center of the city. Visitors will find that it is close to Victoria Harbour, as well as the Royal BC Museum. Guests can reach the Bay, Thetis Lake Regional Park, Gowlland Tod Provincial Park, and more. Plenty of nearby dining options will be available for travelers, as well. A few of the options include Lotus Pond Vegetarian Restaurant, John’s Place Restaurant, and Golden City Restaurant. Read more Latest deals for Island Travel Inn Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests King room See amenities C$ 90 View deal C$ 92 View deal C$ 92 View deal Show 10 more deals Deluxe room See amenities C$ 83 View deal C$ 96 View deal C$ 99 View deal Double room See amenities C$ 259 View deal C$ 294 View deal Standard Room See amenities C$ 88 View deal C$ 93 View deal C$ 93 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Island Travel Inn Restaurant Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Free parking Wi-Fi available in all areas TV Cable or satellite TV Free toiletries Internet Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Physical distancing rules First-aid kit CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Dining Microwave Restaurant Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Coffee machine Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) General Family rooms Seating area Interconnected room(s) available Telephone Carpeted Tile/marble floor Storage available Services and conveniences ATM on-site Currency exchange on-site Express check-out Private check-in/check-out 24hr front desk Media and entertainment Radio Cable or satellite TV TV Accessibility and suitability Elevator No smoking Designated smoking area Bathroom Hairdryer Toilet Private bathroom Laundry Laundry facilities Laundry service Iron and ironing board Parking and transportation Free parking Private parking Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Things to do Eco tourism Bicycle rental Pool and spa Hot tub Bedroom Alarm clock Show all 64 amenities Reviews of Island Travel Inn 5.5 FairBased on 1,767 verified guest reviews 5.8Solo 5.5Families 5.4Couples 5.6Friends Traveller type: Solo Families Couples Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention good locationfirst roomunderground parkingstaff were friendlybed was comfortablebathroom doorworst hotelfront deskdowntown victoriacoffee makerblack moldking sizeshower curtainshort walkcould be cleanergood valueice machinetv did not workbathroom was dirtyenough towels Traveler rating: Poor (175) Mediocre (46) Fair (84) Okay (53) Good (72) Very good (63) Wonderful (55) Sort by: Newest first D 8.5 Very good Daniel, Feb. 2016 Pros:Great location! The staff were super friendly and helpful. The room had cable TV and WiFi but no frills. Still, it was clean and in a great location and we had a wonderful time. A 5.1 Fair Anonymous, Jul. 2015 Pros:Booking late on Canada Day weekend doesn't leave a lot of options. Just glad to be able to get a room. Staff was helpful. Cons:Very dated and well worn. First room smelled like it was an 80's Cadillac full of smoke and air freshener trees but the staff was able to switch us to a somewhat better room even though they were booked solid. A 7.3 Good Anonymous, Jul. 2014 Pros:Can't beat the location if want to be in downtown Victoria especially for price. Cons:It's pretty dirty and not everything works as expected. A 5.3 Fair Anonymous, Jun. 2014 Pros:Location was great, staff were great Cons:Bed was rock hard. Found hair in the bed and in bathroom, didn't look very clean and stayed for 2 nights and no one came to clean the room Location 1850 Douglas Street, Victoria, BC V8T 4K6 What's nearby Market Square0.4 km Victoria Bug Zoo0.8 km The Maritime Museum of British Columbia0.9 km Miniature World0.9 km Victoria Harbour1 km Royal BC Museum1.2 km British Columbia Parliament Buildings1.3 km Craigdarroch Castle1.8 km Beacon Hill Park2 km Abkhazi Garden3.3 km Oak Bay Marina4.6 km University of Victoria5.3 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 12:00 PM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Island Travel Inn Low season October High season July Average price (weeknight) C$ 95 Average price (weekend night) C$ 97 Cheapest month to stay with an average 36% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 53% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Island Travel Inn Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Island Travel Inn If you’re after a cheap room at Island Travel Inn, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in October and November. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Island Travel Inn, plan to stay on a Monday or Wednesday. The most expensive day is usually Friday. The cheapest price a room at Island Travel Inn was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 110, while the most expensive was C$ 110. How long should you stay at Island Travel Inn? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Island Travel Inn Where is Island Travel Inn located? Island Travel Inn is located at 1850 Douglas Street in Downtown, 0.4 km from the centre of Victoria. Market Square is the closest landmark to Island Travel Inn. When is check-in time and check-out time at Island Travel Inn? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 12:00 PM at Island Travel Inn. Does Island Travel Inn offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Island Travel Inn offers free Wi-Fi. Does Island Travel Inn offer free parking? Yes, Island Travel Inn offers free parking. How far is Island Travel Inn from the airport? Island Travel Inn is 0.9 km from Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base. Island Travel Inn is 24.9 km from Victoria Intl. How does KAYAK find such great Island Travel Inn hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Island Travel Inn in Victoria and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Island Travel Inn and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Island Travel Inn. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 3-star hotel Capital City Center Hotel0.12 kmWi-Fi, Coffee machine, Flat-screen TVC$ 413+ 3-star hotel Hotel Rialto8.3 Excellent (1,099 reviews)0.3 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Bar/LoungeC$ 168+ Rental Live Like a Local, Sleek Downtown Condo & Walk Everywhere10.2 Any guest rating (25 reviews)0.12 kmKitchen, Balcony, Coffee machineC$ 145+ Rental Hudson Hideaway-Historic Hudson Building in Beautiful Downtown Victoria10 Excellent (1 review)0.14 kmKitchen, wifi, terrace/patioC$ 130+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Victoria 3-star hotel Hotel Rialto8.3 Excellent (1,099 reviews)0.3 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Bar/LoungeC$ 168+ 3-star hotel Capital City Center Hotel0.12 kmWi-Fi, Coffee machine, Flat-screen TVC$ 413+ Rental 45% cheaperCedar Suite at the Union Apartment0.36 kmKitchenC$ 49+ Rental 20th Floor Condo - High Life of Vancouver Island! Tallest Building!0.25 kmC$ 106+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Victoria 3-star hotel Hotel Rialto8.3 Excellent (1,099 reviews)0.3 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Bar/LoungeC$ 168+ 3-star hotel Capital City Center Hotel0.12 kmWi-Fi, Coffee machine, Flat-screen TVC$ 413+ Rental Mount Finlayson View Villa20 Any guest rating (1 review)0.27 kmMountain view, Hot tub, KitchenC$ 1,134+ Rental One-of-a-Kind Sleep-well Condo w/ Pool and Parking in Downtown Victoria12 Any guest rating (3 reviews)0.27 kmKitchen, wifi, terrace/patioC$ 193+ Good to know Value for money 6.3 Distance to downtown 0.4 km Nearest Airport Victoria Inner Harbour Seaplane Base Distance to airport 0.9 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in British Columbia Hotels in Vancouver Island Victoria Hotels Island Travel Inn Top Hotel Destinations Kahului Hotels Toronto Hotels Québec City Hotels Copenhagen Hotels New York Hotels Innsbruck Hotels Halifax Hotels London Hotels Varadero Hotels Montreal Hotels Baltimore Hotels Akumal Hotels Vancouver hotels Whistler hotels Kelowna hotels Richmond hotels Kamloops hotels Harrison Hot Springs hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Island Travel Inn discounts in Victoria with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Island Travel Inn in Victoria. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Island Travel Inn that suits you best. C$ 90 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.