16 Best Hotels in Vancouver. Hotels from C$ 31/night - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Vancouver hotels Search hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Vancouver 1 room, 2 guests Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 Search ...and more Let KAYAK do the searching Save on your next stay Search and compare hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Vancouver We’re completely free to use – no hidden charges or fees Filter by free cancellation, free breakfast and more Good to know Low season January High season June Average price (weeknight) C$ 316 Average price (weekend night) C$ 313 Cheapest month to stay with an average 31% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 89% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. Best Vancouver hotels Most recommended Vancouver hotels Show all The Sylvia Hotel 8.5 Very good West EndC$ 228+ C$ 228+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Residence Inn by Marriott Vancouver Downtown 8.6 Very good DowntownC$ 267+ C$ 267+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa Auberge Vancouver Hotel - Vancouver - Living room Auberge Vancouver Hotel 8.7 Very good DowntownC$ 320+ C$ 320+ Free Wi-Fi Pool St. Regis Hotel - Vancouver - Bar St. Regis Hotel 8.7 Very good DowntownC$ 290+ C$ 290+ Free Wi-Fi Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre - Vancouver - Lobby Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre 8.4 Very good DowntownC$ 273+ C$ 273+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa Granville Island Hotel - Vancouver - Living room Granville Island Hotel 8.6 Very good FairviewC$ 312+ C$ 312+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Executive Hotel Le Soleil - Vancouver - Living room Executive Hotel Le Soleil 8.4 Very good DowntownC$ 296+ C$ 296+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Century Plaza Hotel - Vancouver - Building Century Plaza Hotel 8.1 Very good West EndC$ 228+ C$ 228+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa Moda Hotel - Vancouver - Building Moda Hotel 7.8 Good DowntownC$ 212+ C$ 212+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown - Vancouver - Restaurant Sandman Hotel Vancouver Downtown 6.7 Okay DowntownC$ 221+ C$ 221+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Atrium Inn Vancouver - Vancouver - Building Atrium Inn Vancouver 7.3 Good Hastings-SunriseC$ 209+ C$ 209+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Best Western PLUS Sands - Vancouver - Building Best Western PLUS Sands 7.9 Good West EndC$ 232+ C$ 232+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Vancouver Downtown, An IHG Hotel - Vancouver - Bedroom Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Vancouver Downtown, An IHG Hotel 7.9 Good DowntownC$ 247+ C$ 247+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Shangri-La Vancouver - Vancouver - Lobby Shangri-La Vancouver 8.7 Very good West EndC$ 444+ C$ 444+ Free Wi-Fi Pool JW Marriott Parq Vancouver - Vancouver - Restaurant JW Marriott Parq Vancouver 8.5 Very good DowntownC$ 420+ C$ 420+ Pet friendly Spa Metropolitan Hotel Vancouver - Vancouver - Lobby Metropolitan Hotel Vancouver 8.6 Very good DowntownC$ 289+ C$ 289+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa View more Vancouver hotels near Vancouver Convention Centre Show all Fairmont Hotel Vancouver 8.5 Very good DowntownC$ 379+ C$ 379+ Pool Pet friendly Hyatt Regency Vancouver 8.4 Very good DowntownC$ 305+ C$ 305+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa - Vancouver - Bedroom Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa 8.6 Very good DowntownC$ 273+ C$ 273+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pan Pacific Vancouver - Vancouver - Balcony Pan Pacific Vancouver 8.4 Very good DowntownC$ 386+ C$ 386+ Pool Pet friendly Top Vancouver hotels with parking Show all Cassandra Hotel 7.2 Good Renfrew-CollingwoodC$ 220+ C$ 220+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Tropicana Suite Hotel 6.9 Okay West EndC$ 163+ C$ 163+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Kingston Hotel - Vancouver - Lobby Kingston Hotel 7.6 Good DowntownC$ 152+ C$ 152+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Hotel at the Waldorf - Vancouver - Bar Hotel at the Waldorf 6.6 Okay Grandview-WoodlandC$ 158+ C$ 158+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Go to map Search by stars 2+ stars3+ stars4+ stars5 stars Search by review score 6+ Okay7+ Good8+ Great9+ Excellent Search by price C$ 63 - C$ 246C$ 246 - C$ 428C$ 428 - C$ 610C$ 610 - C$ 791C$ 791+ per night Search by freebies Free cancellationFree breakfastFree parkingFree internet When to book a hotel in Vancouver Price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for finding Vancouver hotel deals If you’re looking for a cheap hotel in Vancouver, you should consider visiting during the low season. You'll find cheaper accommodations in Vancouver in January and December. Hotel room prices vary depending on many factors but you’ll most likely find the best hotel deals in Vancouver if you stay on a Thursday. The opposite is true for, Sunday, which is usually the most expensive day. Book at least 25 days before your stay begins to get the best price for your Vancouver accommodation. The cheapest 3-star hotel room in Vancouver found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 48, while the most expensive was C$ 419. How long should you stay? KAYAK users usually book their accommodation in Vancouver for 3 days. Consider staying at the North Vancouver Hotel if you want to save money because it is fairly priced and offers free breakfast. The La Quinta Inn Vancouver Airportaccepts pets at an extra cost, is a good option if you're considering traveling to Vancouver. However, in order to check in with your pet, you must first make arrangements with the hotel. If you wish to spend time in the area, the Fraser River Richmond Bed & Breakfast is suggested since you might enjoy a night of gambling in the neighborhood casinos which are located within the area around the hotel. The Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel by APA's pool and fitness facility allows you to keep up your workout program while on vacation. The fitness center is fully furnished with everything you need to exercise. If you're looking for a hotel with some outdoor amenities so you can enjoy being outside, Fairmont Pacific Rim has a rooftop pool, hot tub, outdoor pool, and sauna. The West End is a residential area 2.5 miles from downtown that has beautiful beaches and parks, as well as diverse restaurants and shopping choices. It is a great place to experience Vancouver while still being close to downtown. The Blue Horizon Hotel is a modern choice that offers many rooms with balconies. If you’re interested in doing some shopping during your trip, look at one of the hotels on Robson Street, such as The Sutton Place Hotel. Robson Street is one of the oldest commercial streets in Vancouver and is located right in the heart of downtown. It is also home to the beautiful Vancouver Public Library, and it is very close to Stanley Park. Vancouver has a cheap and efficient public bike-share system named Mobi. To save money on transportation, consider booking a hotel near one of the many docking stations. The Westin Bayshore is near a docking station and it’s right on the waterfront. Looking to experience Vancouver’s breathtaking scenery? Consider staying in a hotel near Stanley Park, such as the Riviera Hotel on Robson. Stanley Park is a 450-hectare public park that borders the city and has beaches, trails, and picnic areas. If you’re going to Vancouver to see an NHL hockey game, find a hotel within walking distance of Rogers Arena, where you can see the Vancouver Canucks in action. This will make it much easier for you to return to your room after the game, and the hotels are generally very affordable in this area. The Sandman Hotel is right near Rogers Arena and has an indoor pool and hot tub. FAQs when booking a hotel in Vancouver Are there hotels with accessibility features in Vancouver hotels? The Pan Pacific Vancouver is a fantastic choice because it will likely provide accessibility alternatives, which you should consider before booking. There are other rooms that have been specifically designed to accommodate your needs including accessible restrooms with roll-in showers, modified switches and door handles, and grab bars by the lavatory. Other locations that have been made wheelchair accessible include the registration desk, business center, pool, restaurants, and concierge desk. Additionally, there are braille signs, assistive listening gear for persons with hearing challenges, and phone accessibility kits. What are the parking and transportation options available at hotels in Vancouver? If you're looking for a hotel with parking and commuting options, the Wedgewood Hotel and Spa is a good choice. While staying at the hotel, you will have access to handicapped accessible parking, long-term parking surcharges, free on-site self-parking, and a limo/town car service to guarantee you feel pampered by the amenities provided. The secured covered valet parking comes as an extra if you want to pay for the service. Which family friendly features are available in hotels in the area? Some hotels, like the JW Marriott Parq Vancouver hotel, have taken families into account and adapted their offerings appropriately. Some of the family-friendly considerations made at the hotel include concierge services to increase convenience, an ATM/banking service so you don't have to leave the building to conduct business, laundry to keep your kids clean, an outdoor pool where the kids can have fun, a mini fridge in the hotel rooms, and wedding services. Do the hotels in Vancouver offer business amenities? If you want a hotel with features designed for business travelers, you may get a room at the EXchange Hotel Vancouver. The hotel has a business center where you can conduct business, a conference space you may use if you're traveling on business, and a laptop-friendly area inside your room with a desk so that you do not work on your bed. What are the best hotels near Vancouver’s cruise port? If you would like to stay in Vancouver for a few days either before or after your cruise, consider booking a hotel near the cruise port. The Pan Pacific Vancouver is a 5-star choice that offers elegant dining options and has a chic spa. The Days Inn Vancouver Downtown is an ideal hotel with reasonable prices. It’s also worth checking to see if your hotel provides a shuttle service to the cruise port. What are the best hotels in downtown Vancouver? The Rosewood Hotel Georgia is an upscale, 1920s-themed hotel right in the middle of downtown. It is near the Pacific Centre Mall and has an on-site speakeasy bar. The Four Seasons Hotel offers luxury suites and is only a 15-minute walk from the Gastown area. What are the best hotels located on Vancouver’s waterfront? If you would like to stay on the waterfront, consider booking the Fairmont Waterfront Hotel. It is modern and stylish, has beautiful views of both the mountains and the water, and has a bar that hosts live music. The Pinnacle Hotel Harbourfront is another smart choice, as it is located between the convention center and waterfront. What are the best hotels near the Vancouver International Airport? While it is not possible to book a hotel directly in the Vancouver International Airport (YVR), you can still find many hotels located nearby. The Pacific Gateway Hotel at Vancouver Airport is a very stylish choice that has views of the river and offers a free hotel shuttle. The Fairmont Vancouver Airport is an upscale hotel located close to the VanDusen Botanical Gardens. Where to stay in Vancouver? The most popular neighborhoods amongst KAYAK users are University Area and Kitsilano. Hotels in walking-distance from Canada Place Cruise Ship Terminal are also very sought-after. What are the best hotels near Canada Place Cruise Ship Terminal? Executive Hotel Le Soleil, Coast Coal Harbour Vancouver Hotel By Apa and Pan Pacific Vancouver are very popular with users who want to stay within walking distance of Canada Place Cruise Ship Terminal. How much does a hotel cost in Vancouver? C$ 317 is the average price for a double room in Vancouver, but our users have found rooms for as cheap as C$ 52 in the last 3 days. How do I find a hotel in central Vancouver? After you launch a hotel search on KAYAK, you can refine your research by neighbourhood, which allows you to pick the central Vancouver districts. You can also do a search using the city map to choose a specific location, like Vancouver city centre How can I find hotels near me? Take a look at our extensive hotel map to find the best hotels near you. Are there Vancouver hotels with free parking? There are many hotels in Vancouver that offer both parking and free parking. Popular choices among KAYAK users include Atrium Inn Vancouver, Cassandra Hotel and Tropicana Suite Hotel. Where to stay in Vancouver? Our map will help you find the perfect place to stay in Vancouver by showing you the exact location of each hotel. What Vancouver hotel guests are talking about Show all What Vancouver hotel guests are talking about Hotels about topic Show all Tropicana Suite Hotel 6.9 Okay West EndC$ 163+ C$ 163+ Parking West End Guest House 9.5 Wonderful West EndC$ 314+ C$ 314+ Parking Barclay House Bed and Breakfast - Vancouver Barclay House Bed and Breakfast 8.7 Very good West EndC$ 248+ C$ 248+ Parking Atrium Inn Vancouver - Vancouver Atrium Inn Vancouver 7.3 Good Hastings-SunriseC$ 209+ C$ 209+ Parking Kingston Hotel - Vancouver Kingston Hotel 7.6 Good DowntownC$ 152+ C$ 152+ Parking Diana's Luxury Bed & Breakfast - Vancouver Diana's Luxury Bed & Breakfast 8.2 Very good Kensington-Cedar CottageC$ 402+ C$ 402+ Parking Hotel at the Waldorf - Vancouver Hotel at the Waldorf 6.6 Okay Grandview-WoodlandC$ 158+ C$ 158+ Parking Cassandra Hotel - Vancouver Cassandra Hotel 7.2 Good Renfrew-CollingwoodC$ 221+ C$ 221+ Parking Best Western Plus Vancouver Airport Hotel - Vancouver Best Western Plus Vancouver Airport Hotel 7 Good MarpoleC$ 189+ C$ 189+ Airport shuttle Popular topics cruise portairport portrogers arena stanley parkrobson street cruise ship terminaltrain station poolsfree parking kitchensfree breakfast breakfast included Popular in Vancouver Vancouver spa hotels Vancouver family hotels Vancouver luxury hotels Vancouver boutique hotels Vancouver 5-star hotels Vancouver romantic hotels Vancouver pet-friendly hotels Vancouver budget hotels Vancouver beach hotels Vancouver hotels with pools Vancouver last minute hotels Accommodations in Vancouver Inn Bed & Breakfast Motel Hostel Vacation Rentals in Vancouver Airports in Vancouver Hotels near Vancouver Intl Airport Hotels near Vancouver Coal Harbour Airport Hotels near Ganges SPB Airport Landmarks in Vancouver Hotels near Canada Place Cruise Ship Terminal, Vancouver Hotels near BC Place Stadium, Vancouver Hotels near Vancouver Convention Centre, Vancouver Hotels near Canada Place, Vancouver Hotels near Queen Elizabeth Theatre, Vancouver Hotels near Orpheum Theatre, Vancouver Hotels near Robson Street, Vancouver Hotels near Waterfront Centre, Vancouver Hotels near Davie Village, Vancouver Hotels near Pacific Centre Shopping Mall, Vancouver Hotels near Robson Square, Vancouver Hotels near Vancouver Playhouse, Vancouver Hotels near Vancouver Art Gallery, Vancouver Show more Venues in Vancouver Hotels near Rogers Arena, Vancouver Neighbourhoods in Vancouver Hotels in University Area, Vancouver Hotels in Kitsilano, Vancouver Hotels in West End, Vancouver Hotels in Mount Pleasant, Vancouver Hotels in West Point Grey, Vancouver Hotels in Fairview, Vancouver Hotels in Shaughnessy, Vancouver Hotels in Kensington-Cedar Cottage, Vancouver Hotels in Dunbar-Southlands, Vancouver Hotels in Renfrew-Collingwood, Vancouver All hotels in Vancouver Hotels Hotels in North America Hotels in Canada Hotels in British Columbia Vancouver Hotels Top Hotel Destinations Bellingham hotels Seaside hotels Winnipeg hotels Edinburgh hotels Orlando hotels Antigonish hotels Kailua-Kona hotels Whistler hotels Kelowna hotels Fort Lauderdale hotels Barrie hotels Québec City hotels Toronto hotels Bangor hotels Memphis hotels Las Vegas hotels Killarney hotels La Romana hotels Victoria hotels Richmond hotels Kamloops hotels Harrison Hot Springs hotels Penticton hotels Sooke hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Vancouver Hotel Deals. Search and compare hotels in Vancouver. Find cheap hotel rooms in Vancouver. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap hotels and book the room that suits you best. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.