Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView C$ 88 (C̶$̶ ̶7̶0̶8̶). Whistler Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView 4369 Main Street, Whistler, BC V0N 1B4, Canada +1 604 905 4135 From C$ 88 Cheapest rate per night 8.2 Great based on 505 reviews Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Queen room C$ 88 View Deal Deluxe room C$ 118 View Deal Double room C$ 148 View Deal 43 more Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView deals 43 more Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView deals About Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free British Columbia is one of the most scenic places in the world so when you travel there, you need to stay in a hotel that’s not just equally beautiful but showcases the natural world in all its splendor. There are plenty of places to ski and snowboard but few places where the lodge offers everything winter sports enthusiasts and nature lovers would need. Fortunately, Whistler’s Alpenglow Lodge by Mountainview combines showcasing natural beauty with all the modern amenities travelers have come to expect. When you stay at the Alpenglow Lodge by Mountainview, you have a selection of some amazing rooms. There studio suites, one-bedroom suites, family suites, two-bedroom suites, two-bedroom with hot tube suites, and the Queen suite. Within each of these suites are premium mattresses that provide the right support after a day on the slopes. There are also sitting areas, desks, and the complimentary WiFi lets you figure out where to hit the slopes the next day while looking out at some of the best views of the Rocky Mountains through large windows. As far as activities, there are plenty to do on the hotel grounds. One of the best ways that folks enjoy themselves is taking a dip in the heated indoor swimming pool. There is also a hot tub on site and a fitness center as well. Getting to the lift is easy thanks to the hotel’s concierge. There are few places in the world more breathtaking than British Columbia and the Alpenglow Lodge by Mountainview does a wonderful job capturing that beauty. Read more Photos of Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView Living room 1/25 Lounge 2/25 Lobby 3/25 Bedroom 4/25 Bedroom 5/25 Bathroom 6/25 Other 7/25 Bedroom 8/25 Bedroom 9/25 Lobby 10/25 Bathroom 11/25 Pool 12/25 Gym 13/25 Bathroom 14/25 Balcony 15/25 Balcony 16/25 Pool 17/25 Bedroom 18/25 Balcony 19/25 Kitchen 20/25 Balcony 21/25 Kitchen 22/25 Living room 23/25 Kitchen 24/25 Patio 25/25 All photos(25) Bedroom(5) Balcony(4) Bathroom(3) Kitchen(3) View all photos Latest deals for Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Classic room See amenities C$ 282 View deal Queen room See amenities C$ 88 View deal C$ 91 View deal C$ 95 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 396 View deal Deluxe room See amenities C$ 118 View deal C$ 172 View deal C$ 179 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 148 View deal C$ 167 View deal C$ 168 View deal Show 2 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView Outdoor pool Spa and wellness centre Fitness centre Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Wi-Fi available in all areas Flat-screen TV TV Cable or satellite TV Health and safety Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning Basics Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Linens Towels Shampoo Body soap Towels/sheets (extra fee) Trash cans Conditioner Kitchen Wine glasses Kitchenware Kitchen Kitchenette Dishwasher Oven Microwave Stovetop Tea/coffee maker Toaster Refrigerator Coffee machine Dining area Things to do Bicycle rental Fishing Golf Canoeing Cycling Skiing Horse riding Mini-golf Hiking General Garden view Mountain view Pool view Storage available Quiet street view Fireplace Seating area Telephone City view Accessibility and suitability No smoking Non-feather pillow Private apartment in building Private entrance Disabled Access Elevator Accessible by elevator Upper floors accessible by elevator Bathroom Hairdryer Public bath Private bathroom Shower Bathtub Toilet Toilet paper Pool and spa Heated pool Hot tub Outdoor pool Pool towels Spa and wellness centre Sauna Parking and transportation Parking Airport shuttle (surcharge) Private parking Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV TV Outdoor Outdoor furniture Terrace/Patio Balcony Dining Grocery deliveries Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Dining table Bedroom Socket near the bed Wardrobe or closet Services and conveniences Concierge service Private check-in/check-out Fitness Fitness centre Tennis Laundry Iron and ironing board Show all 104 amenities Reviews of Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView 8.2 Very goodBased on 505 verified guest reviews 8.1Friends 8.5Solo 8.3Families 8.2Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention friendly stafftop floorgreat locationclose to restaurantsbed was comfortablegas fireplaceone bedroomparking areasofa bedstaff were friendlywhistler village Traveler rating: Poor (6) Mediocre (3) Fair (3) Okay (5) Good (27) Very good (50) Wonderful (74) Sort by: Newest first A 8.0 Very good Anju, Dec. 2018 Pros:Clean, simple place. The bus stop for 4 was just few feet from the back door of the hotel. It has Dominoes, Indian restaurant and IGA groceries across the street. A 7.4 Good Anonymous, Mar. 2018 Pros:The parking was nice. The kitchen was fully stocked. Checkin was super easy Cons:The apartment was pretty small and cramped. Location 4369 Main Street, Whistler, BC V0N 1B4 What's nearby Whistler Marketplace154 m Whistler Medals Plaza190 m Whistler Golf Club0.5 km Whistler Mountain Bike Park0.6 km Blackcomb Excalibur Gondola0.6 km Whistler Village Gondola0.7 km Squamish Lil'wat Cultural Centre0.8 km Whistler Blackcomb1 km Whistler Sliding Centre1.6 km Nicklaus North Golf Course2.8 km Nita Lake3.4 km Creekside Gondola3.5 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 10:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView Low season May High season January Average price (weeknight) C$ 292 Average price (weekend night) C$ 213 Cheapest month to stay with an average 30% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 44% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView If you’re after a cheap room at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in May and March. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView, plan to stay on a Wednesday or Friday. The most expensive day is usually Monday. The cheapest price a room at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 328, while the most expensive was C$ 328. How long should you stay at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 3 days. FAQs when booking at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView Where is Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView located? Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView is located at 4369 Main Street in Whistler Village North, 0.8 km from the centre of Whistler. Whistler Marketplace is the closest landmark to Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView. When is check-in time and check-out time at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 10:00 AM at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView. Does Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView offers free Wi-Fi. How far is Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView from the airport? Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView is 92.9 km from Vancouver Coal Harbour. Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView is 94.3 km from Madeira Park Pender Harbor. Does Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView have a pool? Yes, Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView in Whistler and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 3-star hotel Town Plaza by MountainView0 kmFitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 889+ 3-star hotel The Alpenglow By Whistler Premier0.02 kmC$ 150+ 3-star hotel Alpenglow Lodge Hygge Getaway By Mva0.03 kmC$ 348+ 4-star hotel Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel8.8 Excellent (2,289 reviews)0.07 kmOutdoor pool, Restaurant, Free Wi-FiC$ 208+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Whistler 3-star hotel The Alpenglow By Whistler Premier0.02 kmC$ 150+ 4-star hotel Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel8.8 Excellent (2,289 reviews)0.07 kmOutdoor pool, Restaurant, Free Wi-FiC$ 208+ 3-star hotel Alpenglow Lodge Hygge Getaway By Mva0.03 kmC$ 348+ 3-star hotel Westwind Properties at Stoney Creek Lagoons0.09 kmC$ 352+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Whistler 4-star hotel Summit Lodge Boutique Hotel8.8 Excellent (2,289 reviews)0.07 kmOutdoor pool, Restaurant, Free Wi-FiC$ 208+ 3-star hotel Town Plaza by MountainView0 kmFitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 889+ 3-star hotel Westwind Properties at Stoney Creek Lagoons0.09 kmC$ 352+ 3-star hotel Alpenglow Lodge Hygge Getaway By Mva0.03 kmC$ 348+ Good to know Value for money 8.3 Distance to downtown 0.8 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in British Columbia Whistler Hotels Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView Top Hotel Destinations Dallas Hotels New York Hotels Cozumel Hotels Kelowna Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Toronto Hotels Rarotonga Hotels Washington, D.C. Hotels San José Hotels Halifax Hotels Tokyo Hotels Spokane Hotels Seattle Hotels Sudbury Hotels Vancouver hotels Victoria hotels Richmond hotels Kamloops hotels Harrison Hot Springs hotels Penticton hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView discounts in Whistler with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView in Whistler. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Alpenglow Lodge by MountainView that suits you best. C$ 136 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.