Belltown Inn C$ 140 (C̶$̶ ̶2̶5̶2̶). Seattle Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Belltown Inn Seattle, WA See location 8.2 Great 3,530 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 140 View Deal 85 more Belltown Inn deals 85 more Belltown Inn deals Lobby 1/26 Front desk 2/26 Lobby 3/26 Bedroom 4/26 Lobby 5/26 Building 6/26 Bedroom 7/26 Room amenity 8/26 Building 9/26 Room amenity 10/26 Building 11/26 Room amenity 12/26 Other 13/26 Other 14/26 Bedroom 15/26 Room amenity 16/26 Kitchen 17/26 Room amenity 18/26 Room amenity 19/26 Room amenity 20/26 Room amenity 21/26 Room amenity 22/26 Room amenity 23/26 Room amenity 24/26 Kitchen 25/26 Room amenity 26/26 All photos(26) Room amenity(12) Bedroom(3) Building(3) Lobby(3) View all photos About Belltown Inn Inn Room Room at a smaller hotel or guest house Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free The Belltown Inn is located right in downtown Seattle, connecting guests to all of the attractions and businesses in the city within just a few minutes’ walk. Every guest room at this hotel features a kitchenette and windows that open wide to let in the beautiful Northwest air. Views of the city and interior courtyard are available, and can be chosen at the time of booking. The hotel has an onsite business center, free bike rentals, and non-smoking rooms for guests. In addition, the front desk offers ticket services and attraction recommendations. This pet-friendly hotel offers accommodations on request, and guests are advised to inquire about the pet policy at the time of booking. There is free WiFi throughout the Belltown Inn, as well as a 24-hour front desk, concierge services and room service, laundry and dry cleaning services, baggage storage, and more. Many rooms include access to the sun deck and terraces, for enjoying the beauty of downtown Seattle outdoors. This luxury boutique hotel is within walking distance of just about anything you want to see in downtown Seattle, including the Space Needle and Pike Place Market. Shopping, entertainment, and dining aren’t far, either, and the hotel is close to the business district for business travelers’ convenience. The hotel offers limited parking for a rate of $20 per night, and guests can inquire about shuttle services and car rentals at the front desk for more information on getting to the hotel and around town. Read more Latest deals for Belltown Inn Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests King room See amenities C$ 203 View deal C$ 231 View deal C$ 235 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 145 View deal C$ 152 View deal C$ 190 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 155 View deal C$ 169 View deal C$ 214 View deal Show 4 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 140 View deal C$ 161 View deal C$ 166 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Belltown Inn Free Wi-Fi Private bathroom Coffee machine Terrace/Patio Air-conditioned Flat-screen TV TV Business centre Internet Parking Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Physical distancing rules First-aid kit CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Body soap Air-conditioned Trash cans Conditioner Accessibility and suitability Entire unit located on ground floor Entire unit wheelchair accessible Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Disabled Access Roll-in shower Elevator Shower chair Accessible by elevator Adapted bath No smoking Non-feather pillow Upper floors accessible by elevator Services and conveniences Business centre Wake-up service Concierge service Safety deposit box Tour desk Key card access Bottle of water 24hr front desk Bathroom Shower Additional toilet Bathtub Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom Kitchen Microwave Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Coffee machine Kitchenette General Inner courtyard view Telephone Carpeted City view Storage available Media and entertainment Radio Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV TV Bedroom Fold-up bed Socket near the bed Alarm clock Wardrobe or closet Workspace Fax/photocopying Laptop safe Desk Dining Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Outdoor Terrace/Patio Garden Laundry Laundry facilities Iron and ironing board Parking and transportation Parking Things to do Bicycle rental Family friendly Cribs available Show all 89 amenities Reviews of Belltown Inn 8.2 Very goodBased on 3,530 verified guest reviews 8.3Families 8.3Solo 8.2Friends 8.2Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention great locationstaff was very friendlyroom was cleanhotel with greathomeless peoplerooftop terracebed was comfortableshort walkspace needledowntown seattlegood restaurantspike marketsuper friendlywalk everywhere Traveler rating: Poor (29) Mediocre (14) Fair (34) Okay (39) Good (80) Very good (143) Wonderful (365) Sort by: Newest first J 10.0 Wonderful Jaclyn, Mar. 2023 You can walk to everything... just like the Belltown Inn banner says! 🙂 I walked to the Macrina Bakery, Seattle Center, Climate Pledge, Olympic Sculpture Park, and Pike Place Market in one glorious sunny day. In the evening I walked to dinner @ Six Seven Restaurant @ The Edgewater Hotel. The sunset was lovely. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. My room was clean, and very quiet. The day I left I walked to the Westlake light rail station and traveled to Sea-Tac to catch my flight. It was a perfect 2 nights stay. A 9.4 Wonderful Anonymous, Feb. 2019 Pros:Very clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. Cons:The amenities featured laundry but their laundry facilities were under construction. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Jan. 2019 Pros:Walkable everywhere Cons:Broken elevator H 9.4 Wonderful Hannah, Jul. 2018 Cons:Should have asked for a skinny pillow or two to supplement the fat pillows. Minor. A 9.1 Wonderful Anonymous, Feb. 2018 Pros:Front desk staff very accomodating, was able to switch from room on exterior edge of building to a courtyard room (eliminating street noise). Excellent location in great neighborhood. Walking distance to great food/drink options, Pikes Place, Pier, etc Cons:Lots of outside noise the first night in a room on the exterior of the building, but was able to change rooms A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Apr. 2017 Pros:Friendly staff, excellent location to walk to everything! A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Jan. 2017 Pros:Walkable R 10.0 Wonderful Ron, Oct. 2016 Pros:Central to everything we wanted to visit in our short stay Cons:Nothing A 8.2 Very good Anonymous, Oct. 2016 Pros:Location was excellent. Walk everywhere. The staff was helpful, kind, professional and cheerful. The friendly instructions to help save water and energy was appreciated. Glad to see they are concerned with the environment. We would stay here again. Cons:The confusing one way streets caused us some distress as we went around several blocks. But that is part of city life and we did score a good parking spot on the street.. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Oct. 2016 Pros:Location was fantastic, rooms were a little cramped, but who hangs in room, water pressure in shower was low or could be low flow fixture. I will stay here every time we are going to Seattle. Location 2301 Third Avenue, Seattle, WA 98121 What's nearby Pike Place Market0.5 km Space Needle0.7 km Chihuly Garden and Glass0.8 km Museum of Pop Culture0.8 km Olympic Sculpture Park0.8 km Seattle Art Museum0.9 km Benaroya Hall1 km Seattle Center1 km Seattle Waterfront1.2 km Seattle Public Library-Central Library1.3 km Columbia Center1.6 km Museum of History and Industry1.6 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Belltown Inn Low season December High season June Average price (weeknight) C$ 211 Average price (weekend night) C$ 274 Cheapest month to stay with an average 30% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 84% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Belltown Inn Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Belltown Inn If you’re after a cheap room at Belltown Inn, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in December and February. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Belltown Inn, plan to stay on a Saturday or Tuesday. The most expensive day is usually Friday. The cheapest price a room at Belltown Inn was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 226, while the most expensive was C$ 226. How long should you stay at Belltown Inn? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Belltown Inn What business options does The Belltown Inn offer? If you are staying at The Belltown Inn for business, you are guaranteed amenities and services ideal for carrying on your business engagements during your stay. The hotel features a round-the-clock business center with internet connectivity, ensuring smooth business operations while staying at the hotel. Also, the hotel has a wake-up service that makes it convenient for you to be on schedule with your business appointments. You will also have access to faxing and photocopying if you wish to take care of paperwork. In addition, The Belltown Inn offers you access to a computer during your stay, perfect for your use if you have a business that requires computer services. The hotel's guest rooms are also spacious, with a desk and chair offering an ergonomic setting to work in your guest room. Does The Belltown Inn offer guests luggage storage? The Belltown Inn offers storage for your baggage and guarantees the safekeeping of your valuables. The hotel features a safety deposit box ideal for securing your valuables during your stay at the hotel. If you are traveling with your laptop, The Belltown Inn has a laptop safe ideal for your laptop's safekeeping during your visit. The hotel's baggage storage services ensure that you are burden-free to enjoy your stay at the hotel, whether engaging in entertainment activities at the premise or exploring the neighborhood. Why should I stay at The Belltown Inn instead of hotels other hotels nearby? Whether you are staying for business, shopping, or leisure, The Belltown Inn is your ideal accommodation since it features premium amenities for guests across the board. This hotel is in the business district, ideal for business travelers to easily access businesses and major corporations. The hotel also offers an ideal base to explore shopping, dining, and the area's top destinations during your stay. The guest rooms are fitted with essentials that suit guests from across the board for a cozy stay. How is parking at The Belltown Inn? The Belltown Inn offers you a variety of parking options during your stay. Street parking is available at no charge and you must self-park. In addition, you can opt for paid public parking at Windemere Parking, Lot #97 (open 24 hours), or 2124 4th Ave Parking. The hotel has concierge service and a round-the-clock front desk is ready to assist you if you have any parking challenges. So, you can rest assured that convenient and secure parking at The Belltown Inn is available. What are the laundry services at The Belltown Inn? The Belltown Inn offers guests laundry, dry cleaning, and ironing services. If you are staying at The Belltown Inn, you can leave your dirty laundry at the hotel's reception; then, the laundry will be picked up from the hotel and taken to cleaning partners. The hotel's driver will deliver the laundry after 24 hours at reception. The hotel's laundry services guarantee quality clean clothes and linens for guests staying at the hotel at the lowest price. Where is Belltown Inn located? Belltown Inn is located at 2301 Third Avenue in Belltown, 0.4 km from the centre of Seattle. Pike Place Market is the closest landmark to Belltown Inn. When is check-in time and check-out time at Belltown Inn? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Belltown Inn. Does Belltown Inn offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Belltown Inn offers free Wi-Fi. How far is Belltown Inn from the airport? Belltown Inn is 1.5 km from Seattle Lake Union Spb. Belltown Inn is 9.3 km from Seattle King County/Boeing. How does KAYAK find such great Belltown Inn hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Belltown Inn in Seattle and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Belltown Inn and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Belltown Inn. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays Rental Cute Belltown 2BR w/ Gym, W/D & Easy Commute, by Blueground0.06 kmC$ 210+ Rental Dreamy Belltown 2BR w/ Gym, W/D & Easy Commute, by Blueground0.06 kmCoffee machineC$ 171+ Rental 53% cheaperStay Alfred On 4th Avenue0.14 kmKitchenC$ 76+ Rental Bright Belltown condo with pool, rooftop deck, & balcony - walkable local8 Excellent (8 reviews)0.17 kmKitchen, terrace/patio, BalconyC$ 216+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Seattle Rental 53% cheaperStay Alfred On 4th Avenue0.14 kmKitchenC$ 76+ Rental 29% cheaperBright Belltown Studio w/ Lounge & Gym, close to Metro, by Blueground0.25 kmKitchen, air-conditioned, Coffee machineC$ 114+ Rental 29% cheaperIdeal Belltown Studio w/ Parking & Pet Area, easy commute, by Blueground0.25 kmCoffee machineC$ 114+ Rental 16% cheaperSerene Belltown Studio w/ Gym & Bike Storage, near Zipcar, by Blueground0.25 kmCoffee machineC$ 135+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Seattle Rental Modern 1 BR Quiet Condo in Seattle center, pool, workout room, FREE parking10.5 Any guest rating (24 reviews)0.19 kmSauna, Kitchen, game roomC$ 295+ Rental Enjoy Everything Seattle! Pike Place Market, Space Needle, Aquarium, Downtown & Indoor Pool10 Excellent (3 reviews)0.18 kmKitchen, Balcony, air-conditionedC$ 287+ Rental Stylish Belltown Court Gem | Pool, Hot Tub, Sauna, Parking & Rooftop Deck9.6 Excellent (5 reviews)0.18 kmKitchen, terrace/patio, BalconyC$ 264+ Rental Belltown Perch, explore like a local 99 Walkscore9.5 Excellent (10 reviews)0.23 kmCity view, Kitchen, BalconyC$ 189+ Good to know Value for money 8.1 Distance to downtown 0.4 km Nearest Airport Seattle Lake Union Spb Distance to airport 1.5 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Washington Hotels in West Coast Seattle Hotels Belltown Inn Top Hotel Destinations Brooklyn Hotels Paris Hotels Rivière-du-Loup Hotels Ottawa Hotels New York Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Auckland Hotels Hong Kong Hotels Los Angeles Hotels Burlington Hotels Banff Hotels Caledon Hotels Calgary Hotels Saskatoon Hotels Toronto hotels Vancouver hotels Jasper hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Whistler hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Belltown Inn discounts in Seattle with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Belltown Inn in Seattle. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Belltown Inn that suits you best. C$ 162 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.