Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park C$ 19 (C̶$̶ ̶3̶9̶4̶). Las Vegas Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park Las Vegas, NV See location 6.4 Okay 28,600 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 19 View Deal 243 more Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park deals 243 more Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park deals Building 1/43 Conference room 2/43 Other 3/43 Bar 4/43 Banquet hall 5/43 Other 6/43 Bedroom 7/43 Bedroom 8/43 Front desk 9/43 Bedroom 10/43 Bedroom 11/43 Bar 12/43 Bathroom 13/43 Other 14/43 Bedroom 15/43 Restaurant 16/43 Bedroom 17/43 Bedroom 18/43 Bedroom 19/43 Bedroom 20/43 Bedroom 21/43 Bedroom 22/43 Bedroom 23/43 Bedroom 24/43 Bedroom 25/43 Bedroom 26/43 Bathroom 27/43 Pool 28/43 Bedroom 29/43 Bedroom 30/43 Bedroom 31/43 Bedroom 32/43 Other 33/43 Bedroom 34/43 Bathroom 35/43 Other 36/43 Bedroom 37/43 Bathroom 38/43 Bedroom 39/43 Bathroom 40/43 Bedroom 41/43 Bathroom 42/43 Bathroom 43/43 All photos(43) Bedroom(23) Bathroom(7) Other(5) Bar(2) View all photos About Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Enhanced cleaning This stay has committed to enhanced cleaning measures.Learn more Freebies This stay includes Parking for free From the classic midway and free circus acts under the pink-and-white big top to the thrilling rides in The Adventuredome, Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park, with its inexpensive rooms, has been a family favorite since it opened in 1968. The vibe: For kids and kids at heart. Bare basics but fun -a circus with gambling. What we love: OK parents, this is the plain and simple truth: Your kids will never be bored here. With so many different forms of amusement, we guarantee the last thing you'll ever hear at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park is that all-too-familiar chorus of "We're bored. What can we do?" We know it looks like kookiness incarnate (as no self-respecting architect would design a giant pink glass dome with a five-acre theme park beneath it), but The Adventuredome is loads of fun and full of thrills for all ages with thrill rides out the wazoo. Insider tips: Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park has a slew of restaurants to choose from. Circus Buffet, Pizzeria and The Steakhouse are just a few of the favorites. Since Circus Circus is so family-oriented, some of the restaurants close a little earlier on weekdays. Because of this, we advise you not to wait until the wee hours to get dinner or your options may be limited. Circus Circus is a long way from the center and south Strip's popular attractions. This distance is technically walkable, but it's a LONG walk. If you haven't got a car, your best option is to hail a cab, use your ride-sharing service or speak with a member of the front desk for public transportation assistance. You can park in one of three garages at Circus Circus. The Skyrise Tower has its own dedicated garage whereas the other two garages form something of an "L" shape at the resort's congested south end. Good to know: Please note: All rooms at the hotel are non-smoking; be prepared to pay a hefty cleaning fee if you light up. So please only smoke in designated areas, like the casino. Self-parking is free. For a better location, consider the still small yet very affordable rooms in the Skyrise Tower. They're perfect if you've got a group of kids in tow because they're close to both The Adventuredome and the resort's pools. For a splurge, the Casino Tower is the way to go. Located above the casino, its rooms are larger and come with all the modern comforts. If you have an allergy to children, this hotel is not for you. Just in case you're a bit slow on the uptake and missed this point from everything written above - expect to see a lot of kids at Circus Circus. What shows and concerts are playing at Circus Circus?: There are no showrooms at Circus Circus, but you can enjoy free circus acts daily, no reservations required. What is there to do at Circus Circus?: The Adventuredome is an indoor theme park equipped with a 4-D Special FX Theatre and roller coasters like the Canyon Blaster, Chaos, Disk 'O, El Loco, Inverter, Motion Rides and The Sling Shot. What makes Circus Circus unique?: From the thrilling rides and midway games in The Adventuredome to gourmet dining at The Steak House, the classic Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park has been a family favorite for years. Read more Latest deals for Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Classic room See amenities C$ 33 View deal C$ 63 View deal C$ 64 View deal Show 10 more deals King room See amenities C$ 26 View deal C$ 29 View deal C$ 29 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 19 View deal C$ 29 View deal C$ 33 View deal Show 10 more deals Deluxe room See amenities C$ 45 View deal C$ 50 View deal C$ 53 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 38 View deal C$ 39 View deal C$ 50 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 83 View deal C$ 86 View deal C$ 86 View deal Show 10 more deals Executive room See amenities C$ 150 View deal C$ 181 View deal C$ 183 View deal Show 2 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park Outdoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Free parking Flat-screen TV TV Cable or satellite TV Free toiletries Meeting/Banquet facilities Basics Wi-Fi (surcharge) Linens Towels Shampoo Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Body soap Air-conditioned Trash cans Conditioner Services and conveniences ATM on-site Wake-up service Car rental Safety deposit box Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Key card access Chapel/shrine 24hr front desk Accessibility and suitability Entire unit located on ground floor Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Elevator Accessible by elevator Pets not allowed Designated smoking area Media and entertainment Radio Flat-screen TV Library Cable or satellite TV Pay-per-view channels TV Bathroom Shower Bathtub Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom Things to do Casino Game room Golf Evening entertainment Beauty salon Mini-golf General Family rooms Seating area Telephone Tile/marble floor Carpeted Pool and spa Pool bar Hot tub Outdoor pool Water slide Bedroom Socket near the bed Alarm clock Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Health and safety Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas 24-hour security Safe Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Family friendly Cribs available Kid-friendly buffet Indoor play area Workspace Laptop safe Desk Dining Restaurant Bar/Lounge Parking and transportation Free parking Laundry Laundry facilities Fitness Fitness centre Show all 72 amenities Reviews of Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park 6.4 OkayBased on 28,600 verified guest reviews 6.2Friends 6.2Solo 6.4Families 6.6Couples Traveller type: Friends Solo Families Couples Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention inside the hotelroom was cleanpoor customer servicestaff was friendlyhotel and casinogood pricewater parkgreat timelong linefridge in the roomswimming poolfamily friendlycoffee makerresort feefront desknon smokingroom was dirtyyears agoclose to the stripgreat for kidsbed was comfortablelas vegaseverything else Traveler rating: Poor (849) Mediocre (193) Fair (268) Okay (197) Good (186) Very good (211) Wonderful (431) Sort by: Newest first A 2.0 Poor Adriana, Oct. 2022 Taking the elevetaors is a pain! We waited for 22 minutes! The keys stopped working several times. The bed was not cleaned or done after the first night, had to call for extra towels. There was no safety box in the room, just 5 hangers, no refrigerator, no coffee maker, the mattresses were all bent, worn out. No extra pillows, no blankets. Awful!!!! A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Sep. 2022 Our first time staying here & the service was amazing can’t wait to return back with our family once again. Thank you. A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Jul. 2022 Cleanliness would be great. Pizza box on the hallway sitting there for 2 straight days. I understand you get what you laid for but this spot takes the cake for that. A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, Mar. 2022 The front desk service very nice and friendly,,,!!the bed comforter was a little dirty and the pillows wasn’t that comfortable at all,,other that that,everything was good,we will totally stay again,,it will be great a small coffe maker too,,thank you😊 A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Feb. 2022 We came here as part of group so was not really by choice. I don’t know where to start, in terms of how poor this place is. Let’s start with the rooms. They’ve obviously not been updated in ages and the beds are extremely uncomfortable. The first two days, I had a cool (I’m not joking) and luke warm shower. They weren’t any hand towels at all in the bathroom. When I asked for extra pillows, I was told they had none. Staff was not very friendly and certainly not helpful. I heard they are under new ownership recently. I’m not sure if it was bad before or is now, but they need some seriously training on courtesy. When I told them about the shower problems, the response was vague and they never even asked for my room number. The food is mostly horrid from what we tried — most of the places were closed when we arrived, so we got to choose from horrendous Chinese food, Popeye’s, and Dairy Queen. The buffet wasn’t even open. Speaking of not being open, the whole point of the place was the circus and it wasn’t open either for the first couple of days. The elevators were in need of repair. Some had buttons hat didn’t work and one — we couldn’t get it to work for us at all. We gave up. Location is a long way from the main strip, so expect to drive and walk a l-o-n-g way to get to anything interesting. Overall, this just seemed like a shoddy operation. Hopefully, the new management will do something to improve the place but don’t count on it. A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Jan. 2022 One of our team members contracted a skin condition from the dirty room. Used to stay here when I was a kid all the time, it has gone down hill. Highly recommend avoiding, you can find rooms at the Linq or other lower cost strip hotels for around the same price. M 8.0 Very good Morris M, Jul. 2021 Pros:hotel/casino/theme park Cons:could have been closer to other hotels/casinos A 4.0 Mediocre Amber, May 2021 Pros:Circus acts. Cons:Cleanliness, functioning room and elevator G 6.0 Okay Greggory, May 2021 Pros:I liked that there was alot of activities there on site and several stores. The front area had cabs there waiting was convenient. Cons:The rooms were old fashioned and there was no refrigerator or microwave. One of our key cards stopped working for the elevator and our room. A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, May 2021 Cons:water pipes are too noisy! Insolation so poor you can hear next door and upstairs noise. Location 2880 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV 89109 What's nearby Stratosphere Tower1.3 km Madame Tussauds1.9 km Mirage Hotel Volcano Show1.9 km A Little White Wedding Chapel2.4 km Eiffel Tower Experience2.8 km Fountains of Bellagio2.8 km Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art3 km Las Vegas National Golf Club3.5 km Big Apple Coaster4 km Fremont Street Experience4.1 km Mob Museum4.5 km Neon Museum5.1 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park Low season July High season October Average price (weeknight) C$ 113 Average price (weekend night) C$ 142 Cheapest month to stay with an average 31% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 564% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park If you’re after a cheap room at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in July and February. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park, plan to stay on a Sunday or Saturday. The most expensive day is usually Wednesday. The cheapest price a room at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 51, while the most expensive was C$ 117. How long should you stay at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 3 days. FAQs when booking at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park Where is the best place to eat at Circus Circus & Hotel Casino? Book a table at Blue Iguana Authentic Mexican Cuisine and taste some of the best nachos and tacos in America. Prepared with fresh ingredients and accompanied by tasty margaritas, the restaurant is open until 9:00 pm every night and is a must-visit attraction. What attractions are there at the Circus Circus Hotel & Casino? The resort is home to a host of captivating rides and activates that include a 55 mph double-looping rollercoaster, bungee jumping, roller skating, bumper cars and laser tag. Certain attractions are also tailored for younger children, such as the Thunderbirds themed flight simulator and coal train ride. Does Circus Circus Hotel & Casino have a special place to grab a drink? Head to the Big Chill bar to try an impressive range of frozen drink specialties. Open between 11:00 am and 1:30 am, this is the perfect place for drinks after a long day in the sun. What’s the easiest way to arrive to Circus Circus Hotel & Casino from McCarran International Airport? An Uber from the airport to Circus Circus Hotel & Casino will cost approximately $20 and is only a 20m trip with light traffic. If you are arriving during peak hour you can expect the journey to take twice as long. What massage services are available at the Circus Circus Hotel & Casino? Indulge with either a holistic or therapeutic massage to reinvigorate your energy levels. Available in 20m, 40m, or 60m sessions, prices start from $40. Take your relaxation treatment to the next level with a detox body wrap that drains away toxins and boosts your lymphatic system. Does Circus Circus Hotel & Casino have gambling facilities for beginners? Learn the rules and tactics of popular games such as blackjack, craps and roulette before taking to the tables with free lessons. Introductory skills are taught to bring you up to speed and are held in the main casino daily at 10:30 am, 11:30 am and 12:30 pm. What RV facilities are there at Circus Circus Hotel & Casino? You can park your RV at Circus Circus and enjoy the wonders of Las Vegas. With parking spaces starting at $46 per night, you will receive access to electricity (50 amps), laundry facilities and the hotel pool. Does Circus Circus Hotel & Casino offer any tours? You can organize a trip to see the stunning sights of Las Vegas with one of the connected private tour companies such as Maverick Helicopters. Take in the neon-lit beauty of the Strip with a Vegas Nights helicopter trip, available for $124 and inclusive of transport to and from the hotel.(Prices checked 02/05/19). Where is Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park located? Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park is located at 2880 Las Vegas Boulevard South in The Strip, 4.8 km from the centre of Las Vegas. Stratosphere Tower is the closest landmark to Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park. When is check-in time and check-out time at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park. Does Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park offer free parking? Yes, Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park offers free parking. How far is Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park from the airport? Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park is 6.4 km from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park is 34.5 km from Las Vegas Boulder City. Does Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park have a pool? Yes, Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park in Las Vegas and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 5-star hotel Fontainebleau Las Vegas0.28 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 270+ 5-star hotel Crockfords Las Vegas, LXR Hotels & Resorts8.8 Excellent (172 reviews)0.33 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 346+ 3-star hotel Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the Las Vegas Strip8.8 Excellent (6,198 reviews)0.43 kmOutdoor pool, Indoor pool, Spa and wellness centreC$ 180+ 3-star hotel Royal Vacation Suites0.49 kmRestaurant, Bar/Lounge, Business centreC$ 179+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Las Vegas 4-star hotel SAHARA Las Vegas7.9 Good (11,661 reviews)0.84 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 71+ 3-star hotel SpringHill Suites by Marriott Las Vegas Convention Center8.4 Excellent (2,275 reviews)0.73 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 176+ 3-star hotel Royal Vacation Suites0.49 kmRestaurant, Bar/Lounge, Business centreC$ 179+ 3-star hotel Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the Las Vegas Strip8.8 Excellent (6,198 reviews)0.43 kmOutdoor pool, Indoor pool, Spa and wellness centreC$ 180+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Las Vegas 0-star hotel Trump International Hotel–1 Bedroom10 Excellent (1 review)0.86 kmOutdoor pool, TVC$ 776+ 3-star hotel Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the Las Vegas Strip8.8 Excellent (6,198 reviews)0.43 kmOutdoor pool, Indoor pool, Spa and wellness centreC$ 180+ 5-star hotel Crockfords Las Vegas, LXR Hotels & Resorts8.8 Excellent (172 reviews)0.33 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 346+ 3-star hotel SpringHill Suites by Marriott Las Vegas Convention Center8.4 Excellent (2,275 reviews)0.73 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 176+ Good to know Value for money 6.9 Distance to downtown 4.8 km Nearest Airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 5.8 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Nevada Las Vegas Hotels Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park Top Hotel Destinations Nassau Hotels Toronto Hotels Halifax Hotels Los Angeles Hotels Orlando Hotels Saint Pete Beach Hotels Varadero Hotels Edmonton Hotels Amsterdam Hotels Waterton Hotels Thunder Bay Hotels Barcelona Hotels Bellevue Hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Kelowna hotels Whistler hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park discounts in Las Vegas with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park in Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Circus Circus Hotel, Casino & Theme Park that suits you best. C$ 48 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.