Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino C$ 17 (C̶$̶ ̶3̶8̶5̶). Las Vegas Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino Las Vegas, NV See location 6.5 Okay 13,357 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 17 View Deal 233 more Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino deals 233 more Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino deals Lounge 1/28 Outdoors view 2/28 Front desk 3/28 Bedroom 4/28 Bathroom 5/28 Other 6/28 Bathroom 7/28 Living room 8/28 Outdoors view 9/28 Bedroom 10/28 Outdoors view 11/28 Conference room 12/28 Bedroom 13/28 Bedroom 14/28 Living room 15/28 Front desk 16/28 Pool 17/28 Gym 18/28 Bathroom 19/28 Bar 20/28 Bathroom 21/28 Living room 22/28 Pool 23/28 Conference room 24/28 Banquet hall 25/28 Bar 26/28 Bathroom 27/28 Other 28/28 All photos(28) Bathroom(5) Bedroom(4) Living room(3) Outdoors view(3) View all photos About Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Enhanced cleaning This stay has committed to enhanced cleaning measures.Learn more Freebies This stay includes Parking for free Just a short distance west of the Strip, the Rio Las Vegas offers a Brazilian theme in a colorful resort packed with restaurants, bars and theaters. The vibe: Offering affordable all-suite accommodations, near (but not too near) the action. Insider tips: Women, indulge your feminine side by going to the lounge in the lobby of the Chippendales Theatre. It has an all-male waitstaff.and be sure to check out the ladies room. We love the circular dressing area with its purple leather couches and softly lit vanity. Dubbed "the gossip pit," this is the perfect place to debate which Chippendale dancer has the hottest bod. Good to know: This hotel is not located on the Strip. Although you can see the Strip and it appears to be close, we don't recommend walking to it because you'll have to pass over a major interstate while crossing busy on- and off-ramps. What shows and concerts are playing at the Rio?: Shows playing at the Rio include: Penn & Teller, Chippendales, WOW - The Las Vegas Spectacular, and Comedy Cellar. What is there to do at the Rio?: Rio has a rooftop restaurant and VooDoo Steakhouse and lounge with some of the best views in the city. What makes the Rio unique?: Rio's VooDoo Restaurant and Lounge is a three-story venue with unique indoor and outdoor space for views of the Las Vegas Strip, city lights and beyond. Under Construction: A new era is on its way. This Las Vegas icon is getting new rooms, tastes, and looks. All of these upgrades do require some work, so please be aware that some areas of the Rio are currently under construction. Read more Latest deals for Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Superior Room See amenities C$ 265 View deal C$ 363 View deal C$ 396 View deal Show 3 more deals Classic room See amenities C$ 106 View deal Standard Room See amenities C$ 88 View deal C$ 97 View deal C$ 98 View deal Show 9 more deals Resort Room See amenities C$ 210 View deal Deluxe room See amenities C$ 17 View deal C$ 17 View deal C$ 18 View deal Show 10 more deals Premier Room See amenities C$ 149 View deal Luxury Room See amenities C$ 32 View deal C$ 34 View deal C$ 35 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 31 View deal C$ 40 View deal C$ 72 View deal Show 10 more deals King room See amenities C$ 37 View deal C$ 40 View deal C$ 45 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 47 View deal C$ 80 View deal C$ 97 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino Private beach Outdoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Room service Valet parking Free parking Business centre Wi-Fi available in all areas Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out First-aid kit CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Safe Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Accessibility and suitability Non-smoking rooms available Entire unit wheelchair accessible Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Roll-in shower Disabled Access Elevator Shower chair Hypoallergenic Accessible by elevator Adapted bath Lowered sink Toilet with grab rails Upper floors accessible by elevator Designated smoking area Basics Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Wi-Fi Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Body soap Air-conditioned Trash cans Conditioner Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Safety deposit box Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Room service Express check-out 24hr front desk General Seating area Sofa Landmark view Mountain view Carpeted City view Storage available Bathroom Raised toilet Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom Walk-in shower Things to do Casino Game room Evening entertainment Beauty salon Karaoke Mini-golf Dining Restaurant Bar/Lounge Breakfast in the room Refrigerator Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Pool and spa Pool bar Hot tub Outdoor pool Pool towels Bedroom Socket near the bed Sofa bed Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Laundry Ironing service Laundry service Iron and ironing board Parking and transportation Free parking Valet parking Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Workspace Fax/photocopying Desk Outdoor Private beach Fitness Fitness centre Show all 96 amenities Reviews of Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino 6.5 OkayBased on 13,357 verified guest reviews 6.4Families 6.5Solo 6.6Couples 6.5Friends Traveller type: Families Solo Couples Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention large roomkiosk checkeasy checkfriendly staffgreat timeroom viewhotel casinoclose to the stripgood pricecoffee makerfront desklong lineresort feesmoking roomgreat poolroom was oldlas vegasstarbucks Traveler rating: Poor (686) Mediocre (209) Fair (243) Okay (182) Good (224) Very good (248) Wonderful (503) Sort by: Newest first A 8.0 Very good Anonymous, Aug. 2023 The place just needs to undergo the renovations it has planned. Last year (during the Star Trek convention), I was told that the Rio would be renovated in time for *this* year's convention, but that was definitely not the case. Still, it was decently comfortable! I wish the AC throughout the convention area wasn't as strong (even in the heat of Vegas) and that the poker room had been open and available, but it was still good, fun, and got me through the weekend! S 6.0 Okay Samir, Jun. 2023 Facility is too old and needs to be revamped. M 4.0 Mediocre Mariah, Apr. 2023 First of all we didn’t have any hot water in our room and complained multiple times and no one did anything. The room was ok but not clean. The casino was smelly and the overall crowd was not it for us. We will not be staying here again and it’s for the best it will be closing soon. L 6.0 Okay Leslie, Oct. 2022 Location is perfect short ride to the strip and old Las Vegas glad it’s not super crowded like the hotel on the strip. Food was ok , we upgraded to a suite seems like it hasn’t been renovated or cleaned in years. Stain a everywhere but the view was amazing ! Plus side slots were great ! J 2.0 Poor Jose, Jun. 2022 Definitely not recommend this hotel, totally disappointed with it, from the Check In to the room’s location, and not getting the room we selected and the worse was the price was never the one showed on my app total…(was more) J 2.0 Poor Jose, Jun. 2022 The only good thing I can say about Rio is they have good space suites… other than that everything in general was a disappointment… D 2.0 Poor Deana, Jun. 2021 Pros:Nothing! Cons:The entire facility! M 10.0 Wonderful MORAYMA, May 2021 Pros:Todo excelente !!!! Cons:La limpieza debe ser todo los días E 10.0 Wonderful Eduardo, May 2021 Pros:The breakfast at the grill on the first floor was out of this world, delicious! Cons:Everything was amazing! Can’t wait to go back! J 10.0 Wonderful Jesse, Mar. 2021 Pros:Every one was friendly really clean facility check in was really quick you check in on your own fairly quick and easy Location 3700 West Flamingo Road, Las Vegas, NV 89109 What's nearby Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art0.9 km Fountains of Bellagio1.2 km Mirage Hotel Volcano Show1.5 km Eiffel Tower Experience1.5 km Madame Tussauds1.6 km Big Apple Coaster1.9 km Shark Reef Aquarium3.1 km Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Sign3.9 km Stratosphere Tower4.5 km A Little White Wedding Chapel5.6 km Las Vegas National Golf Club5.7 km Fremont Street Experience7.3 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino Low season May High season September Average price (weeknight) C$ 76 Average price (weekend night) C$ 123 Cheapest month to stay with an average 61% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 211% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino If you’re after a cheap room at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in May and March. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino, plan to stay on a Tuesday or Sunday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 78, while the most expensive was C$ 175. How long should you stay at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 3 days. FAQs when booking at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino Does the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino feature special deals and promotions? To make the most out of your stay, take advantage of the hotel’s seasonally changing hotel deals and offers that combine a variety of events and features with a comfy room. Deals include a combination of zip lining and accommodation, as well as discounts and savings for California residents. If you come for a special event like the World Series of Poker, keep your eyes peeled for special perks, too. What are the meeting facilities and event venues like at the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino? Boasting over 160,000 sq ft of flexible event space, the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino is a top destination if you’ve got an event to plan or want to conduct business. Various large ballrooms await here, with the Pavilion Ballroom being at the top with about 55,000 sq ft for major events and banquets. Dividable into 18 breakout rooms, the Amazon Ballroom impresses with almost 40,000 sq ft, and the Brasilia Ballroom is a suitable choice for mid-sized events with its 20,000 sq ft. To enjoy the perks of a special venue, there is also the Penn & Teller Theater or Wine Cellar for extra exclusivity. What do the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino concierge services include? Always there for the hotel guests, the concierges at the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino are eager to accommodate to all your wishes and can help with bookings, reservations, and more. If you want to enjoy a show, they can book it for you, and sightseeing tours can be arranged too. If guests want to dine somewhere or make a spa appointment, you find all services combined at the concierge desk, open from 9:00 am to 9:00 pm. Going beyond the usual concierge duties, the hotel also caters to wedding services, golf tee bookings, and transport to an attraction or airport. What can I enjoy at the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino restaurants? Enjoy a lavish spread at the Carnival World Buffet, where international cuisine is offered from over 200 destinations worldwide. With its casual and relaxed vibe, it is perfect for family outings and business chats likewise. As the stations are separated by cuisine, you can embark on a truly culinary journey through the world. Hand rolls, seafood, and sushi await at the 172 restaurant where Asian cuisine of the finest quality is prepared for you. As this location is also a nightclub, it is a great place to start off your night and get some sustenance before partying until morning with their topnotch selection of music. The Voodoo Steak restaurant at The Rio is another signature gem onsite, serving the proverbial steak, but also delicacies like lobster, scallops, and more. What are the best directions to the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino? When coming from Las Vegas, north of the hotel, the quickest route by car is via I-15 South and takes about 10min. Start by getting on I-515 N/US 93 and take exit 76A to reach I-15. Follow the interstate until exit 38A and continue on West Flamingo Road until the hotel appears on the right. Going by public transport from Las Vegas will take about 50min with the DEUCE line to Caesars Palace, and then line 202 to Flamingo @ Hotel Rio. Where is Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino located? Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino is located at 3700 West Flamingo Road in West of The Strip, 8 km from the centre of Las Vegas. Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art is the closest landmark to Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino. When is check-in time and check-out time at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino. Does Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino offer free parking? Yes, Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino offers free parking. How far is Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino from the airport? Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino is 5 km from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino is 35.3 km from Las Vegas Boulder City. Does Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino have a pool? Yes, Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 0-star hotel Beautiful Large Suite at Rio Casino Strip Las Vegas2 Mediocre (2 reviews)0.26 kmC$ 213+ 2-star hotel Extended Stay America Suites - Las Vegas - Valley View5.2 Okay (459 reviews)0.37 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 128+ 3-star hotel Gold Coast Hotel and Casino7 Good (180 reviews)0.39 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Room serviceC$ 60+ 3-star hotel Wyndham Desert Blue8.7 Excellent (240 reviews)0.74 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 139+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Las Vegas 3-star hotel Gold Coast Hotel and Casino7 Good (180 reviews)0.39 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Room serviceC$ 60+ 2-star hotel Extended Stay America Suites - Las Vegas - Valley View5.2 Okay (459 reviews)0.37 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 128+ 3-star hotel Wyndham Desert Blue8.7 Excellent (240 reviews)0.74 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 139+ 0-star hotel Beautiful Large Suite at Rio Casino Strip Las Vegas2 Mediocre (2 reviews)0.26 kmC$ 213+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Las Vegas 3-star hotel Wyndham Desert Blue8.7 Excellent (240 reviews)0.74 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 139+ 3-star hotel Gold Coast Hotel and Casino7 Good (180 reviews)0.39 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Room serviceC$ 60+ 2-star hotel Extended Stay America Suites - Las Vegas - Valley View5.2 Okay (459 reviews)0.37 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 128+ 0-star hotel Beautiful Large Suite at Rio Casino Strip Las Vegas2 Mediocre (2 reviews)0.26 kmC$ 213+ Good to know Value for money 7.1 Distance to downtown 8.0 km Nearest Airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 4.7 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Nevada Las Vegas Hotels Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino Top Hotel Destinations Chicago Hotels San Diego Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Montreal Hotels Las Vegas Hotels New York Hotels Denpasar Hotels Milan Hotels Kelowna Hotels Atlantic City Hotels Mont-Tremblant Hotels Toronto Hotels Carmel-by-the-Sea Hotels Mississauga Hotels London Hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Whistler hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino discounts in Las Vegas with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino that suits you best. C$ 56 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.