Find & Book Car Rental Deals | KAYAK Skip to main content Sign in Sign in Flights Stays Cars Flight+Hotel Explore Flight Tracker Best Time to Travel NEW Trips KAYAK for Business NEW English Argentina Australia België FRNL Bolivia Brasil Canada ENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark Deutschland DEEN Ecuador El Salvador España ESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港 EN繁 India Indonesia IDEN Ireland Israel ENHE Italia 日本 Malaysia ENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România Schweiz FRDE Singapore EN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States ENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt Nam ENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi Arabia AREN ประเทศไทย THEN Compare rental car deals to find the right one. Same drop-off Driver's age: 26-65 Mon 11/12 Noon Mon 18/12 Noon Search rental cars by destination Find Car Rentals Save money on rental cars by searching for car rental deals on KAYAK. KAYAK searches for rental car deals on hundreds of car rental sites to help you find the cheapest car rental. Whether you are looking for an airport car rental or just a cheap car rental near you, you can compare discount car rentals and find the best deals faster at KAYAK. KAYAK also compares deals for many different car types. Whether you’re looking for luxury car rentals, SUV rentals, van rentals, pickup truck rentals, convertible car rentals, cargo van rentals or minivan rentals, you’ll find them all on KAYAK. Toronto Rental Cars Mississauga car rentalsC$ 11+ Markham car rentalsC$ 27+ Vaughan car rentalsC$ 36+ Breslau car rentalsC$ 43+ Calgary Rental Cars De Winton car rentals Balzac car rentals Los Angeles Rental Cars West Hollywood car rentals El Segundo car rentalsC$ 20+ Burbank car rentalsC$ 29+ Van Nuys car rentalsC$ 36+ Beverly Hills car rentalsC$ 36+ Long Beach car rentalsC$ 37+ Torrance car rentalsC$ 38+ Alhambra car rentalsC$ 58+ Arcadia car rentalsC$ 59+ Edmonton Rental Cars Namao car rentals Nisku car rentals Leduc car rentalsC$ 33+ Sherwood Park car rentalsC$ 39+ Saint Albert car rentalsC$ 45+ Mississauga Rental Cars Brampton car rentalsC$ 35+ Surrey Rental Cars West Vancouver car rentals Pitt Meadows car rentals Vancouver car rentalsC$ 27+ Port Coquitlam car rentalsC$ 28+ Langley car rentalsC$ 28+ New Westminster car rentalsC$ 29+ North Vancouver car rentalsC$ 32+ Saskatoon Rental Cars Vancouver Rental Cars Anmore car rentals West Vancouver car rentals Port Moody car rentals Richmond car rentalsC$ 26+ Burnaby car rentalsC$ 27+ New Westminster car rentalsC$ 29+ North Vancouver car rentalsC$ 32+ Orlando Rental Cars Winter Haven car rentals Winter Park car rentals Sanford car rentalsC$ 33+ Kissimmee car rentalsC$ 45+ Lake Buena Vista car rentalsC$ 48+ Fort Lauderdale Rental Cars Lauderdale Lakes car rentals Lauderdale-by-the-Sea car rentals Margate car rentals Dania Beach car rentalsC$ 9+ Pompano Beach car rentalsC$ 39+ Hollywood car rentalsC$ 43+ Plantation car rentalsC$ 75+ Halifax Rental Cars Enfield car rentalsC$ 38+ Goffs car rentalsC$ 39+ Dartmouth car rentalsC$ 43+ Bedford car rentalsC$ 48+ San Francisco Rental Cars Emeryville car rentals Newark car rentals San Bruno car rentals Fremont car rentals Burlingame car rentalsC$ 36+ South San Francisco car rentalsC$ 41+ Brampton Rental Cars Hamilton Rental Cars Waterdown car rentals Winona car rentals Grimsby car rentals Burlington car rentalsC$ 40+ Montreal Rental Cars Cartierville car rentals Hampstead car rentals Boisbriand car rentals Vaudreuil-Dorion car rentals Pointe-Claire car rentals Sainte-Thérèse car rentals Westmount car rentals Candiac car rentals Blainville car rentalsC$ 32+ Saint-Eustache car rentalsC$ 32+ Brossard car rentalsC$ 40+ Boucherville car rentalsC$ 40+ Longueuil car rentalsC$ 40+ Dollard-des-Ormeaux car rentalsC$ 41+ Ottawa Rental Cars Aylmer car rentals Masson-Angers car rentals Manotick car rentals Hull car rentals Gatineau car rentalsC$ 61+ Las Vegas Rental Cars North Las Vegas car rentals Paradise car rentals Henderson car rentalsC$ 91+ Phoenix Rental Cars Gilbert car rentals Tempe car rentals Queen Creek car rentals Glendale car rentals Litchfield Park car rentals Scottsdale car rentalsC$ 39+ Mesa car rentalsC$ 45+ Winnipeg Rental Cars Headingley car rentals Victoria Rental Cars Cordova Bay car rentals Oak Bay car rentals North Saanich car rentals Esquimalt car rentals Sidney car rentalsC$ 27+ Langford car rentalsC$ 61+ Kelowna Rental Cars East Kelowna car rentals West Kelowna car rentalsC$ 42+ Frequently asked questions How does KAYAK find such low rental car prices? KAYAK compares rental car prices from all major car rental companies such as Thrifty, Dollar, Enterprise, Hertz, Payless and more to find you the best deal. How do I find the best car rental deals on KAYAK? A simple rental car search at https://www.ca.kayak.com/cars scans for prices on hundreds of travel sites in seconds. We gather car rental deals from across the web and put them in one place. Then on the search results page you can use various filters to compare your options for your preferred rental car type and easily choose the best car rental deal from all of the deals coming straight from the travel sites to your screen, with no extra fee from KAYAK. What is special about comparing rental car deals on KAYAK? Looking for the lowest price? We can make that happen. Our car rental price sort gives you quick access to the cheapest and/or the most expensive deals—it’s your trip, so it’s up to you. Sometimes, the same rental car deal will be available on several provider sites. All of these providers are made visible for you to choose from, but we highlight one main car rental provider based on things like customer popularity or ratings. What kind of cars can I rent on KAYAK? On KAYAK you can find deals on all types of rental cars including small, medium, large, SUV, van, luxury, pick-up truck, convertible and commercial vehicles. What is the minimum age to rent a car? The minimum legal age to rent a car depends on the country where you’re renting. In the USA and Canada, drivers must typically be at least 21. However, some states and provinces allow drivers as young as 18 years old to rent a car. In Europe and Asia, the minimum age varies between 18 to 21 years old but some agencies might require drivers to be at least 25. Keep in mind that most agencies add daily fees for renters below 25 years old. Can I return a rental car to a different location? You want to pick up a car rental in one city and drop it off in another location? We can arrange that for you. When performing a car rental search on KAYAK, simply select the option "Different drop-off". You'll then be able to enter both your desired pick-up and drop-off locations. Most car rental agencies call this option a "one-way rental" and charge a return fee. Can new drivers rent a car? New driver policies vary for each car rental agency. While some require renters to hold a driver’s license for a minimum of 1 year, others only ask for a valid driver’s license for the duration of the rental period. We recommend new drivers to confirm the requirements directly with the rental agency. Can I rent a car without a credit card? Renting a car without a credit card is less common but not impossible. Many agencies allow debit card car rentals from airport locations as long as you provide proof of return travel. Be aware that the agency might run a credit check on you and will most likely place an authorized hold on your account as a security deposit. If you plan on paying with a debit card, it’s always a good idea to check the conditions with the rental agency before booking. Can I drive cross country in a rental car? In the USA, it's typically not an issue to drive across state lines or to cross the border to Canada. However, you'll most likely pay an extra insurance fee if you want to travel to Mexico. Similar rules apply to Europe, as you'll need to cover a cross-border fee if you want to cross from one country to another. Failing to do so will most likely invalidate your car rental insurance. Crossing borders in Africa and Asia is generally more difficult and additional border documentation is necessary. We recommend always informing the rental agency about your planned itinerary. Is it cheaper to rent a car at the airport or off-site? You will generally find the best deals if you select an off-site airport location. Airport car rental agencies offer a very convenient option for renters who want to pick up a car directly on-site. However, as demand is often higher, prices also tend to get slightly more expensive. Some off-site rental agencies offer shuttle service from the airport. How does KAYAK find such low rental car prices? KAYAK compares rental car prices from all major car rental companies such as Thrifty, Dollar, Enterprise, Hertz, Payless and more to find you the best deal. What is special about comparing rental car deals on KAYAK? Looking for the lowest price? We can make that happen. Our car rental price sort gives you quick access to the cheapest and/or the most expensive deals—it’s your trip, so it’s up to you. Sometimes, the same rental car deal will be available on several provider sites. All of these providers are made visible for you to choose from, but we highlight one main car rental provider based on things like customer popularity or ratings. What is the minimum age to rent a car? The minimum legal age to rent a car depends on the country where you’re renting. In the USA and Canada, drivers must typically be at least 21. However, some states and provinces allow drivers as young as 18 years old to rent a car. In Europe and Asia, the minimum age varies between 18 to 21 years old but some agencies might require drivers to be at least 25. Keep in mind that most agencies add daily fees for renters below 25 years old. Can new drivers rent a car? New driver policies vary for each car rental agency. While some require renters to hold a driver’s license for a minimum of 1 year, others only ask for a valid driver’s license for the duration of the rental period. We recommend new drivers to confirm the requirements directly with the rental agency. Can I drive cross country in a rental car? In the USA, it's typically not an issue to drive across state lines or to cross the border to Canada. However, you'll most likely pay an extra insurance fee if you want to travel to Mexico. Similar rules apply to Europe, as you'll need to cover a cross-border fee if you want to cross from one country to another. Failing to do so will most likely invalidate your car rental insurance. Crossing borders in Africa and Asia is generally more difficult and additional border documentation is necessary. We recommend always informing the rental agency about your planned itinerary. How do I find the best car rental deals on KAYAK? A simple rental car search at https://www.ca.kayak.com/cars scans for prices on hundreds of travel sites in seconds. We gather car rental deals from across the web and put them in one place. Then on the search results page you can use various filters to compare your options for your preferred rental car type and easily choose the best car rental deal from all of the deals coming straight from the travel sites to your screen, with no extra fee from KAYAK. What kind of cars can I rent on KAYAK? On KAYAK you can find deals on all types of rental cars including small, medium, large, SUV, van, luxury, pick-up truck, convertible and commercial vehicles. Can I return a rental car to a different location? You want to pick up a car rental in one city and drop it off in another location? We can arrange that for you. When performing a car rental search on KAYAK, simply select the option "Different drop-off". You'll then be able to enter both your desired pick-up and drop-off locations. Most car rental agencies call this option a "one-way rental" and charge a return fee. Can I rent a car without a credit card? Renting a car without a credit card is less common but not impossible. Many agencies allow debit card car rentals from airport locations as long as you provide proof of return travel. Be aware that the agency might run a credit check on you and will most likely place an authorized hold on your account as a security deposit. If you plan on paying with a debit card, it’s always a good idea to check the conditions with the rental agency before booking. Is it cheaper to rent a car at the airport or off-site? You will generally find the best deals if you select an off-site airport location. Airport car rental agencies offer a very convenient option for renters who want to pick up a car directly on-site. However, as demand is often higher, prices also tend to get slightly more expensive. Some off-site rental agencies offer shuttle service from the airport. ©2023 KAYAK Search cheap rental cars with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest car rental deal for all major destinations around the world. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and rent a car that suits you best. KAYAK also helps you find the right hotels for your needs.