The Orleans Hotel & Casino C$ 48 (C̶$̶ ̶5̶1̶2̶). Las Vegas Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW The Orleans Hotel & Casino Las Vegas, NV See location 7.3 Good 330 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 58 View Deal 154 more The Orleans Hotel & Casino deals 154 more The Orleans Hotel & Casino deals Bar 1/20 Pool 2/20 Bedroom 3/20 Building 4/20 Bedroom 5/20 Lounge 6/20 Bedroom 7/20 Building 8/20 Pool 9/20 Other 10/20 Banquet hall 11/20 Living room 12/20 Living room 13/20 Pool 14/20 Conference room 15/20 Bedroom 16/20 Bedroom 17/20 Building 18/20 Gym 19/20 Bedroom 20/20 All photos(20) Bedroom(6) Building(3) Pool(3) Living room(2) View all photos About The Orleans Hotel & Casino Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Situated just a short stroll from Orleans Arena, this themed hotel offers both a restaurant and a bar. Popular facilities, such as a bowling alley and an outdoor pool, ensure an enjoyable stay in Las Vegas. The Orleans Hotel & Casino has a gym with a swimming pool. It also provides family-friendly amenities, with room layouts and services for families of any size, as well as a children's play area and a kids pool. Rooms feature an in-room safe, a coffee maker and ironing facilities. All offer a telephone and a radio. The Orleans Hotel & Casino's restaurants, Canal Street and The Prime Rib Loft, offer dinner nightly. Places to dine at the hotel include Java Vegas Coffee and Alder & Birch. The Orleans Hotel & Casino provides easy access to Palms Casino Resort and Luxor Las Vegas Casino. Wynn Las Vegas, The Colosseum at Caesars Palace and Caesars Palace are in close proximity to the property. Read more Latest deals for The Orleans Hotel & Casino Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests King room See amenities C$ 84 View deal C$ 107 View deal C$ 113 View deal Show 10 more deals Luxury Room See amenities C$ 85 View deal C$ 115 View deal C$ 154 View deal Show 8 more deals Executive room See amenities C$ 121 View deal C$ 292 View deal C$ 337 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 145 View deal C$ 165 View deal C$ 169 View deal Show 4 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 88 View deal C$ 92 View deal C$ 124 View deal Show 8 more deals Deluxe room See amenities C$ 58 View deal C$ 63 View deal C$ 66 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 100 View deal C$ 148 View deal C$ 156 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at The Orleans Hotel & Casino Outdoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Room service Coffee machine Coffee shop Business centre Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Child pool Things to do Beauty salon Gift shop Bowling Casino Game room Health and safety Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Daily housekeeping Safe Deadbolt locks Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Basics Internet Wi-Fi Fire extinguisher Air-conditioned Smoke alarms Accessibility and suitability No smoking Disabled Access Elevator Pets not allowed Services and conveniences Conference rooms ATM on-site Business centre Room service Dining Restaurant Coffee machine Coffee shop Pool and spa Spa Outdoor pool Parking and transportation Parking EV charging station Media and entertainment Cable or satellite TV Flat-screen TV Family friendly Playground Child pool Bathroom Hairdryer Laundry Iron and ironing board Fitness Fitness centre Show all 37 amenities Reviews of The Orleans Hotel & Casino 7.3 GoodBased on 330 verified guest reviews 6.8Families 8.5Solo 6.2Friends 8.0Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention resort feefridge in the roomnice hotelbathroom doorfree parkingfood was goodhotel and casinoroom was cleancasino and the smokefood was excellentgood foodorleans Traveler rating: Poor (45) Mediocre (19) Fair (28) Okay (31) Good (38) Very good (60) Wonderful (134) Sort by: Newest first P 7.9 Good PAUL, Sep. 2021 fine middle of the road hotel and casino. food options are modest, but reasonably priced. Poker room is very crowded, almost all the time, even in the middle of the week. L 7.9 Good Luis, Jul. 2021 Look out for an extra $70 Resort fee on top of your booking fees when you check in at the hotel A 4.0 Mediocre Anonymous, Jun. 2021 Cons:The pillows are pathetic, no closet in room, and access to the bathroom was via a squeaky sliding door. Most restaurants were operating with limited hours. Not recommended at all for a family. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, May 2021 Pros:Everything was nice Cons:Easier checkout. Not having to wait in long lines to check out A 4.0 Mediocre Anonymous, May 2021 Pros:We stayed there for an event so we liked the location. Cons:Needs modernizing, place is looking tired. We had to carry our own luggage as the baggage carts were for Valet use only and it's a long way from parking to our room. There was no map to show where our room was in relation to parking or to find our way around this huge complex. Employees seemed grumpy. Room was very dark and needed more lighting and brighter colors. There were no USB ports but plenty of 110v type plugs. Very limited TV channels and no channel guide to see what was playing. Restaurants were very busy and slow to serve. We were there for two nights and our room keys shut off at 10:00am, two hours prior to checkout. We've had much better stays at Holiday Inn Express. We won't be coming back to The Orleans. C 4.0 Mediocre connie, Apr. 2021 Pros:It’s easy parking and valet is good. Cons:The room had no insulation at all. You can hear all the noise from outside. You can hear people walking and talking, and people knocking at the door like they are knocking on mine door. Just too noisy. A 4.0 Mediocre Anonymous, Mar. 2021 Cons:bed mattress had no support uncomfortable, when done taking shower I was ankle deep in water, limited channels on tv and a resort fee for this hotel is ridiculous A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, Mar. 2021 Cons:I prepaid and there was no notification of a restart fee. When I checked in I had to pay an additional $36 resort fee. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Mar. 2021 Pros:too many restaurants in the hotel Cons:nothing A 2.0 Poor Anonymous, Dec. 2021 Pros:Never got to check in because of hidden rates Cons:Tell guest fees upfront Location 4500 West Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89103 What's nearby Big Apple Coaster2.5 km Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art2.5 km Shark Reef Aquarium2.6 km Fountains of Bellagio2.8 km Eiffel Tower Experience3.1 km Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Sign3.3 km Mirage Hotel Volcano Show3.5 km Madame Tussauds3.5 km Stratosphere Tower6.6 km Las Vegas National Golf Club7.5 km A Little White Wedding Chapel7.6 km Fremont Street Experience9.3 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 4:00 PM, check out anytime before 12:00 PM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about The Orleans Hotel & Casino Low season December High season April Average price (weeknight) C$ 107 Average price (weekend night) C$ 298 Cheapest month to stay with an average 80% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 188% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at The Orleans Hotel & Casino Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at The Orleans Hotel & Casino If you’re after a cheap room at The Orleans Hotel & Casino, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in December and January. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at The Orleans Hotel & Casino, plan to stay on a Thursday or Saturday. The most expensive day is usually Friday. The cheapest price a room at The Orleans Hotel & Casino was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 106, while the most expensive was C$ 106. How long should you stay at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 3 days. FAQs when booking at The Orleans Hotel & Casino What accommodation specials does The Orleans Hotel & Casino offer? Make your trip to see NASCAR simplified by booking a package that includes race tickets, accommodation and transportation to the event. There are also discounts available for AAA members, military personnel and seniors. What transport options are available from The Orleans Hotel & Casino? Being slightly removed from the action in Las Vegas is not an issue, as the hotel operates a free shuttle that connects guests to their partnered resort Gold Coast Hotel & Casino as well as The Strip. Shuttle services are operated 7 days a week and provide an easy and cost-free option to get around the city. What entertainment options are available at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? Regularly hosting a variety of world-class musicians, comedians and performers, there is sure to be an incredible show on during your visit. Notable names to have appeared in the past include Akon, The Black Eyed Peas, KISS, Bob Saget, George Carlin, Van Halen, André Rieu and Rihanna. Where should I eat when staying at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? Spend a night dining at Big Al’s Oyster Bar and savor the very best seafood in town. Serving mouthwatering fresh clams, crab legs, crawfish and shrimp with Cajun spiced inspiration. A fantastic place to celebrate a birthday, anniversary or simply toast a memorable vacation, the garden style interior offers a sophisticated touch. Open until 10:00 pm throughout the week and midnight on Friday and Saturday nights, a standard dinner with drinks will cost roughly $30 per person. Where can I socialize at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? For a lively atmosphere and loads of drink options, pop in to Bailiwick. The casual bar is a social hub throughout the week, with live bands and entertainment to get the crowd buzzing. There are specialty cocktails and more than 40 beers on offer, including local craft brews. If you’re feeling confident, karaoke is held every Wednesday at 6:30 pm and is sure to provide plenty of laughs. What activities are available for children at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? For old-school fun that the whole family can enjoy, spend an afternoon at Time Out Arcade. The space features a broad range of interactive games with prizes available if you perform well. There is also a dedicated kids club, providing a safe supervised spot for children to play. Activities such as a multi-level jungle gym, arts & crafts, Nintendo, movies and Legos are on offer, with admission priced at approximately $10 per hour. How can I get from the airport to The Orleans Hotel & Casino? Traveling by Uber is the simplest method when landing at McCarran International Airport, with the trip costing roughly $15. Rideshare pick up areas are located on Level 2M of Terminal 1’s parking garage and the Valet Level of Terminal 3’s parking garage. What shopping facilities are available at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? There is no better time to spoil yourself or someone special in your life than when on holiday. Landau Jewelry has a store located at the hotel and has a breath-taking selection of rings, bracelets and necklaces to choose from.(Prices checked 05/06/19). Where is The Orleans Hotel & Casino located? The Orleans Hotel & Casino is located at 4500 West Tropicana Avenue in West of The Strip, 10 km from the centre of Las Vegas. Big Apple Coaster is the closest landmark to The Orleans Hotel & Casino. When is check-in time and check-out time at The Orleans Hotel & Casino? Check-in time is 4:00 PM and check-out time is 12:00 PM at The Orleans Hotel & Casino. How far is The Orleans Hotel & Casino from the airport? The Orleans Hotel & Casino is 4.9 km from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. The Orleans Hotel & Casino is 35.3 km from Las Vegas Boulder City. Does The Orleans Hotel & Casino have a pool? Yes, The Orleans Hotel & Casino has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great The Orleans Hotel & Casino hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at The Orleans Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at The Orleans Hotel & Casino and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for The Orleans Hotel & Casino. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 2-star hotel Emerald Suites Cameron0.34 kmCable or satellite TVC$ 396+ 3-star hotel Hilton Vacation Club Desert Retreat Las Vegas9.2 Excellent (2,283 reviews)0.79 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 149+ 3-star hotel Worldmark Las Vegas Tropicana1.07 kmFitness centre, Tea/coffee maker, Coffee machineC$ 266+ 0-star hotel High Rise Condo- Few Minutes From The Strip!10 Excellent (1 review)1.35 kmFitness centre, Coffee machine, TVC$ 220+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Las Vegas 3-star hotel Hilton Vacation Club Desert Retreat Las Vegas9.2 Excellent (2,283 reviews)0.79 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 149+ 0-star hotel High Rise Condo- Few Minutes From The Strip!10 Excellent (1 review)1.35 kmFitness centre, Coffee machine, TVC$ 220+ 3-star hotel Worldmark Las Vegas Tropicana1.07 kmFitness centre, Tea/coffee maker, Coffee machineC$ 266+ 2-star hotel Emerald Suites Cameron0.34 kmCable or satellite TVC$ 396+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Las Vegas 0-star hotel High Rise Condo- Few Minutes From The Strip!10 Excellent (1 review)1.35 kmFitness centre, Coffee machine, TVC$ 220+ 3-star hotel Hilton Vacation Club Desert Retreat Las Vegas9.2 Excellent (2,283 reviews)0.79 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 149+ 2-star hotel Emerald Suites Cameron0.34 kmCable or satellite TVC$ 396+ 3-star hotel Worldmark Las Vegas Tropicana1.07 kmFitness centre, Tea/coffee maker, Coffee machineC$ 266+ Good to know Value for money 8.0 Distance to downtown 10.0 km Nearest Airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 4.9 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Nevada Las Vegas Hotels The Orleans Hotel & Casino Top Hotel Destinations Nassau Hotels The Blue Mountains Hotels Osaka Hotels Rimouski Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Honolulu Hotels London Hotels Cancún Hotels Midland Hotels Barrie Hotels Victoria Hotels Toronto hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for The Orleans Hotel & Casino discounts in Las Vegas with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for The Orleans Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at The Orleans Hotel & Casino that suits you best. C$ 65 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.