Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) C$ 121 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶9̶8̶). Tofino Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Tofino, BC V0R 2Z0, Canada 9.0 Excellent based on 270 reviews Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Provider for Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Show Prices Provider for Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Show Prices Provider for Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Show Prices About Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Entire apartment You'll have the place all to yourself Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free Set in Tofino, Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) features free WiFi, a 6-minute walk from Chesterman Beach. The 2-bedroom apartment has a living room and a kitchen with a dishwasher. The 1-bedroom has a kitchenette. Both apartments come with a flat-screen TV and a barbecue. If you would like to discover the area, hiking is possible in the surroundings. Clayoquot Sound is 3.6 km from Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze), while Long Beach is 11 km away. Read more Latest deals for Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests No results are available, try modifying your search. *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Kitchen Terrace/Patio Outdoor dining area Coffee machine Washing machine Tumble dryer Linens Towels Flat-screen TV Grill Kitchen Electric kettle Dishwasher Oven Microwave Kitchenware Stovetop Toaster Refrigerator Coffee machine Dining area Kitchen Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Body soap Accessibility and suitability Entire unit located on ground floor No smoking Non-feather pillow Private apartment in building Outdoor Terrace/Patio Grill Outdoor dining area Outdoor furniture Things to do Hiking Fishing Canoeing Windsurfing General Family rooms Seating area Garden view Hardwood or parquet floors Bedroom Extra-long beds (> 2 metres) Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Parking and transportation Free parking Private parking Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Bathroom Toilet paper Private bathroom Laundry Tumble dryer Washing machine Dining Dining table Health and safety Cleaning products Show all 50 amenities Reviews of Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) 9.0 WonderfulBased on 270 verified guest reviews 8.8Solo 9.0Friends 9.2Couples 8.9Families No reviews found. Try removing a filter, changing your search, or clear all to view reviews. Location Exact location provided after booking What's nearby Ancient Cedars Spa0.9 km Chesterman Beach1.2 km Tofino Botanical Gardens1.3 km Mackenzie Beach1.5 km Tofino Brewing Company1.9 km Alternative Tofino's Indoor Climbing Gym2 km Cox Bay2.4 km Tofino Bike Park3.1 km Tonquin Park3.3 km Tofino Art Glass3.4 km Eagle Aerie Gallery3.7 km Pacific Rim National Park Reserve7.7 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Low season November High season July Average price (weeknight) C$ 180 Average price (weekend night) C$ 338 Cheapest month to stay with an average 52% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 70% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) If you’re after a cheap room at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze), then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in November and October. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze), plan to stay on a Tuesday or Wednesday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 195, while the most expensive was C$ 195. How long should you stay at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze)? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 1 day. FAQs when booking at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Where is Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) located? Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) is located at , 3.1 km from the centre of Tofino. Ancient Cedars Spa is the closest landmark to Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze). When is check-in time and check-out time at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze)? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze). Does Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) offers free Wi-Fi. Does Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) offer free parking? Yes, Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) offers free parking. How far is Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) from the airport? Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) is 9.8 km from Tofino Long Beach. Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) is 97.9 km from Comox. How does KAYAK find such great Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) in Tofino and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze). Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays Rental Chesterman Beach Paradise is a short walk from our sunny deck. Read our reviews!9.6 Excellent (5 reviews)0.19 kmKitchen, wifi, terrace/patioC$ 431+ Rental Chesterman Beach Fine Art Vacation House - Walking distance to North Chesterman7 Good (4 reviews)0.22 kmKitchen, wifi, terrace/patioC$ 286+ Rental The Dunes House at Chesterman Beach, Tofino B.C.9.2 Excellent (5 reviews)0.26 kmKitchen, terrace/patio, Coffee machineC$ 440+ Rental Dunes Cabin at Chesterman Beach, Tofino B.C.11.8 Any guest rating (13 reviews)0.26 kmKitchen, terrace/patio, Coffee machineC$ 356+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Tofino Rental Middle Beach Lodge8.7 Excellent (626 reviews)1.97 kmPrivate beach, no minors, Hot tubC$ 190+ Rental Sit And Relax In The Sun In Your Yard, Or Walk 2 Minutes To Chesterman Beach13.2 Any guest rating (5 reviews)1.03 kmKitchen, terrace/patio, Coffee machineC$ 277+ Rental Chesterman Beach Fine Art Vacation House - Walking distance to North Chesterman7 Good (4 reviews)0.22 kmKitchen, wifi, terrace/patioC$ 286+ Rental Seas the Day at Tofino !9.5 Excellent (14 reviews)0.56 kmKitchen, wifi, linensC$ 291+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Tofino Rental Sit And Relax In The Sun In Your Yard, Or Walk 2 Minutes To Chesterman Beach13.2 Any guest rating (5 reviews)1.03 kmKitchen, terrace/patio, Coffee machineC$ 277+ Rental Dunes Cabin at Chesterman Beach, Tofino B.C.11.8 Any guest rating (13 reviews)0.26 kmKitchen, terrace/patio, Coffee machineC$ 356+ Rental Cedar Surf-Rainforest Paradise11.5 Any guest rating (4 reviews)1.28 kmCoffee machine, Washing machine, Clothes dryerC$ 421+ Rental Michel's Cabin, Tofino B.C.10.7 Any guest rating (11 reviews)0.33 kmKitchen, wifi, linensC$ 479+ Good to know Value for money 9.1 Distance to downtown 3.1 km Nearest Airport Tofino Long Beach Distance to airport 9.4 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in British Columbia Hotels in Vancouver Island Tofino Hotels Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) Top Hotel Destinations Sandpoint Hotels Vancouver Hotels Paris Hotels Orlando Hotels The Blue Mountains Hotels Koh Samui Hotels Banff Hotels Fort Lauderdale Hotels Cancún Hotels Ottawa Hotels Nanaimo Hotels Koloa Hotels Singapore Hotels Miami Hotels Victoria hotels Whistler hotels Kelowna hotels Richmond hotels Kamloops hotels Harrison Hot Springs hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) discounts in Tofino with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) in Tofino. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Sienna's Tree House (Tall Trees And Salty Breeze) that suits you best. C$ 130 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.