16 Best Hotels in Tofino. Hotels from C$ 78/night - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Tofino hotels Search hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Tofino 1 room, 2 guests Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 Search ...and more Let KAYAK do the searching Save on your next stay Search and compare hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Tofino We’re completely free to use – no hidden charges or fees Filter by free cancellation, free breakfast and more Good to know Low season February High season July Average price (weeknight) C$ 186 Average price (weekend night) C$ 218 Cheapest month to stay with an average 48% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 83% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. Best Tofino hotels Most recommended Tofino hotels Show all Best Western Plus Tin Wis Resort 8.4 Very good C$ 216+ C$ 216+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Duffin Cove Resort 8.9 Very good C$ 283+ C$ 283+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Wickaninnish Inn - Tofino - Bedroom Wickaninnish Inn C$ 1,028+ C$ 1,028+ Pet friendly The Maq Hotel - Tofino - Building The Maq Hotel 8.1 Very good C$ 240+ C$ 240+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Hotel Zed Tofino - Tofino - Patio Hotel Zed Tofino 8.8 Very good C$ 206+ C$ 206+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Sea Star Beach Retreat - Tofino - Living room Sea Star Beach Retreat C$ 673+ C$ 673+ Free Wi-Fi Long Beach Lodge Resort - Tofino - Beach Long Beach Lodge Resort 9.2 Wonderful C$ 405+ C$ 405+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Best Western Plus Tin Wis Resort - Tofino - Living room Best Western Plus Tin Wis Resort 8.4 Very good C$ 216+ C$ 216+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Black Bear Guesthouse - Tofino - Patio Black Bear Guesthouse 9.2 Wonderful C$ 139+ C$ 139+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Duffin Cove Resort - Tofino - Balcony Duffin Cove Resort 8.9 Very good C$ 283+ C$ 283+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Middle Beach Lodge - Tofino - Living room Middle Beach Lodge 8.7 Very good C$ 324+ C$ 324+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Wickaninnish Inn - Tofino - Bedroom Wickaninnish Inn C$ 1,028+ C$ 1,028+ Pet friendly Tofino Motel Harborview - Tofino - Bedroom Tofino Motel Harborview 8.7 Very good C$ 155+ C$ 155+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Dolphin Motel - Tofino - Outdoors view Dolphin Motel 6.9 Okay C$ 138+ C$ 138+ Parking Free Wi-Fi The Shoreline Tofino - Tofino The Shoreline Tofino 8.9 Very good C$ 217+ C$ 217+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Tofino Travellers Guesthouse - Tofino Tofino Travellers Guesthouse C$ 115+ C$ 115+ Free Wi-Fi View more Go to map Search by stars 2+ stars3+ stars4+ stars5 stars Search by review score 6+ Okay7+ Good8+ Great9+ Excellent Search by price C$ 0 - C$ 258C$ 258 - C$ 514C$ 514 - C$ 772C$ 772 - C$ 1,028C$ 1,028+ per night Search by freebies Free cancellationFree breakfastFree parkingFree internet When to book a hotel in Tofino Price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for finding Tofino hotel deals If you’re looking for a cheap hotel in Tofino, you should consider visiting during the low season. You'll find cheaper accommodations in Tofino in February and November. Hotel room prices vary depending on many factors but you’ll most likely find the best hotel deals in Tofino if you stay on a Tuesday. The opposite is true for, Friday, which is usually the most expensive day. Book at least 41 days before your stay begins to get the best price for your Tofino accommodation. The cheapest 3-star hotel room in Tofino found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 126, while the most expensive was C$ 513. How long should you stay? KAYAK users usually book their accommodation in Tofino for 2 days. If you’re interested in surfing during your trip to Tofino, choose a hotel near Chesterman Beach, such as the casual Chesterman Beach Bed and Breakfast. This beach is very popular among surfers because of its ideal swell and soft sand, plus impressive views make it a good choice for watching the sunset. To see some local art from the area, select a hotel near the Roy Henry Vickers Gallery, a small artist-owned gallery that contains a variety of paintings, carvings, and totem poles. The Tofino Trek Inn is an affordable choice that is only a two-minute walk from the gallery and a three-minute walk from the ocean. Hoping to do some shopping during your trip to Tofino? Consider staying in a hotel near the Tofino Market, such as the Schooner Motel, located a two-minute walk from the market. The Tofino Market hosts more than 30 vendors that sell a diverse selection of art, local foods, and other goods, making it a great choice for souvenir shopping. For visitors who would like to experience Tofino’s nightlife, book a hotel near Tofino Brewing Company, such as the Angler's Inn located 10 minutes’ walk away. Tofino Brewing Company is a popular hangout that serves five distinct homemade beers and sells traditional growlers. If you would like to learn more about Tofino’s history and culture, consider a hotel near the Tofino Clayoquot Heritage Museum, such as the Tofino Paddler's Inn, which is a two-minute walk away. The museum contains a variety of artifacts and information that teaches visitors about the past 15,000 years in the area and present-day events. FAQs when booking a hotel in Tofino Which hotels in Tofino have a good indoor pool? The Ocean Village Resort is located just off the Pacific Rim Highway and has both a heated indoor pool and a hot tub. The Mackenzie Beach Resort is only a three-minute walk to Mackenzie Beach, and it also has an indoor pool and hot tub. Which hotels in Tofino have a good view? The Cable Cove Inn is located in the middle of Downtown Tofino and has rooms that offer views of the nearby ocean. The Maq hotel is a relaxed choice that is a two-minute walk to the beach, that offers certain rooms with views of the water, and is close to the Eagle Aerie Gallery. Which hotels in Tofino are near Tonquin Park? The Middle Beach Lodge is an affordable choice that is only a 12-minute walk to Tonquin Park and a five-minute drive to the Tofino Botanical Gardens. The Best Western Tin Wis Resort is a five-minute drive to Tonquin Park and a 10-minute walk to Sunset Bench, a boardwalk that overlooks the ocean. What are some good hotels in Tofino near the Mark Hobson Gallery? The Inn at Tough City is a casual choice that is only a three-minute walk to the Mark Hobson Gallery and a two-minute walk to the oceanfront. The Schooner Motel is a budget option that is a five-minute walk to the Mark Hobson Gallery and a two-minute walk to the waterfront. How much does a hotel cost in Tofino? The average price of a double room in Tofino is C$ 254, but it varies considerably depending on location, facilities, and seasonality. In the last 3 days, KAYAK users have found double rooms for as cheap as C$ 93. How much is a hotel in Tofino for this weekend? The cheapest hotel room in Tofino for the upcoming weekend found on KAYAK in the last 3 days was for C$ 114 per night. For the same dates, 3-star hotel rooms have been found for as low as C$ 133 per night and 4-star hotel rooms from C$ 192 per night. How do I find a hotel in central Tofino? After you launch a hotel search on KAYAK, you can refine your research by neighbourhood, which allows you to pick the central Tofino districts. You can also do a search using the city map to choose a specific location, like Tofino city centre How can I find hotels near me? Take a look at our extensive hotel map to find the best hotels near you. Are there Tofino hotels with free parking? There are many hotels in Tofino that offer both parking and free parking. Popular choices among KAYAK users include Best Western Plus Tin Wis Resort, The Shoreline Tofino and Duffin Cove Resort. Where to stay in Tofino? Our map will help you find the perfect place to stay in Tofino by showing you the exact location of each hotel. Popular in Tofino Tofino pet-friendly hotels Tofino family hotels Tofino beach hotels Tofino romantic hotels Tofino last minute hotels Accommodations in Tofino Resort Vacation Rentals in Tofino Airports in Tofino Hotels near Comox Airport Hotels near Campbell River Airport Hotels near Tofino Long Beach Airport Hotels near Campbell River Harbor SPB Airport All hotels in Tofino Hotels Hotels in North America Hotels in Canada Hotels in British Columbia Hotels in Vancouver Island Tofino Hotels Top Hotel Destinations Newmarket hotels New York hotels Ajax hotels Niagara Falls hotels Montreal hotels Vancouver hotels Portland hotels Las Vegas hotels Taipei City hotels Saint John hotels Washington, D.C. hotels Tokyo hotels Perth hotels Edmonton hotels Puerto Plata hotels Kelowna hotels Boston hotels Orlando hotels Victoria hotels Whistler hotels Richmond hotels Kamloops hotels Harrison Hot Springs hotels Penticton hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Tofino Hotel Deals. Search and compare hotels in Tofino. Find cheap hotel rooms in Tofino. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap hotels and book the room that suits you best. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.