Woodbine Hotel and Suites C$ 85 (C̶$̶ ̶2̶2̶1̶). Toronto Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Woodbine Hotel and Suites Toronto, Canada See location 6.0 Okay 2,401 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 85 View Deal 97 more Woodbine Hotel and Suites deals 97 more Woodbine Hotel and Suites deals Bedroom 1/28 Front desk 2/28 Lobby 3/28 Buffet 4/28 Bathroom 5/28 Bedroom 6/28 Bedroom 7/28 Banquet hall 8/28 Bedroom 9/28 Living room 10/28 Other 11/28 Bedroom 12/28 Bathroom 13/28 Bathroom 14/28 Bathroom 15/28 Bathroom 16/28 Bedroom 17/28 Bedroom 18/28 Living room 19/28 Other 20/28 Room amenity 21/28 Bathroom 22/28 Bathroom 23/28 Building 24/28 Bedroom 25/28 Room amenity 26/28 Building 27/28 Bathroom 28/28 All photos(28) Bathroom(8) Bedroom(8) Building(2) Living room(2) View all photos About Woodbine Hotel and Suites Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free An affordable hotel that has the décor and amenities that would be expected at more expensive hotels, the Woodbine Hotel and Suites has a lot to offer all kinds of travelers to Toronto. It’s close to the airport, has tons of workspaces, and has room amenities to make any stay better. There are 55 rooms at the Woodbine Hotel and Suites. The choices available are Standard rooms with different numbers of beds, Junior suites that have sofa beds included, and Romantic suites with jetted tubs. All of the rooms have a lot of space so there’s plenty of room for families, or spreading out work. Rooms all have coffeemakers, plasma TVs, new movies to watch, desks, free WiFi, fridges, microwaves, and free bottled water. The hotel has a free continental breakfast every morning for all of its guests. Guests don’t have to go far to find some good food options. Some good local restaurants include Favourites Dining Room, Istar Restaurant Somali Cuisine that serves East African food, and Moxie’s Grill & Bar. This hotel is right across from Woodbine Race Track. There are many other attractions to visit in the area also, such as Wild Water Kingdom, Woodbine Fantasy Fair Shopping Centre, and Canada’s Paramount Wonderland. There are some good golf courses in the area, as well. The hotel has a 24-hour business center, conference spaces, and big banquet spaces for those who wish to hold an event on the property. The Woodbine Hotel and Suites gives guests a deal on rooms that provide much more than a budget hotel would. The location is close to many attractions, as well as, the airport, making it very convenient for all kinds of travelers. Read more Latest deals for Woodbine Hotel and Suites Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Queen room See amenities C$ 95 View deal C$ 97 View deal C$ 99 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 85 View deal C$ 96 View deal C$ 96 View deal Show 10 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 121 View deal C$ 141 View deal C$ 146 View deal Show 10 more deals King room See amenities C$ 109 View deal C$ 111 View deal C$ 113 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Woodbine Hotel and Suites Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Business centre Wi-Fi available in all areas Flat-screen TV TV Cable or satellite TV Free toiletries Meeting/Banquet facilities Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Wake-up service Concierge service Safety deposit box Meeting/Banquet facilities Express check-out 24hr front desk Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Linens Towels Free toiletries Heating Air-conditioned Kitchen Microwave Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Coffee machine Kitchenette Bathroom Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV TV Accessibility and suitability Disabled Access Elevator No smoking Workspace Fax/photocopying Laptop safe Desk General Sofa Telephone Carpeted Health and safety Daily housekeeping Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Pool and spa Hot tub Pool Laundry Laundry service Iron and ironing board Dining Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Parking and transportation Parking Bedroom Alarm clock Fitness Tennis Show all 49 amenities Reviews of Woodbine Hotel and Suites 6.0 OkayBased on 2,401 verified guest reviews 6.1Families 5.9Couples 5.9Solo 5.7Friends Traveller type: Families Couples Solo Friends Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention room was smallstaff was helpfulgood breakfastfront deskbed was comfortablegood locationone nightclose to the airportenough towelspieces of breadmany timeswoodbinebad experiencebanquet hall Traveler rating: Poor (198) Mediocre (46) Fair (56) Okay (63) Good (82) Very good (65) Wonderful (84) Sort by: Newest first M 4.0 Mediocre Mel, Sep. 2022 The staff were all very professional and friendly. The hot continental breakfast was decent and filling. The hotel on the other hand was less than impressive. It is very basic, the rooms at first glance seem nice, but once your inside for a few minutes you see how the finishing work is not done properly, the toilet is loose because it is not mounted to the floor properly, the wall base hasn't been cleaned in a long time. The bed is uncomfortable, and the pillows are worse. D 8.0 Very good David, Jan. 2022 It was decent A 2.8 Poor Anonymous, Sep. 2019 Cons:The bed was super uncomfortable, and didn’t offer free shuttle with how close the hotel was to the airport. $20 per trip just for shuttle! Sink was dirty in the bathroom and AC was not working. A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, Apr. 2019 Pros:Included breakfast was good...although there was no seating available (despite having a large area to put seats in there was only a handful of tables). Location is good. Cons:Place seemed a bit out of date and the room layout is weird. We stayed in a room on the first level. The room window didn't actually face outside but instead faced into a common area which was definitely weird (this common area actually doubled as the breakfast seating area). My wife was awoken at around 3 a.m. to people lounging and chatting in this area so definitely not the best layout. Room was clean enough although small in size. It did the job for the money. I think I read in a previous review that someone had experienced some kind of buzzing/high pitched noise in their room...we had the same thing. It was almost like a high frequency ringing...very odd and enough to be annoying. Experience was just okay...we stayed for a wedding in the area and I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again. R 6.5 Okay Rachelle, Apr. 2017 Pros:I thought that it was a great vacinity to the airport and the late night staff was very nice. Hotel is pretty outdated, but clean rooms, with a comfortable bed. Cons:The staff at breakfast was not very friendly. I asked a simple question, as I had some religious dietary restrictions and she answered with a rash 'NO' instead of seeing if there was a way to accommodate me. A 4.5 Mediocre Anonymous, Nov. 2015 Pros:close to the airport and Humber college. Easily located off major routes. Cons:Our nonsmoking room smelled strongly of stale cigarette smoke that did not clear throughout the stay. The room was very small and cramped. The sound and vibration from the convention hall below was exceptionally high and prevented sleeping. When I contacted the front desk near midnight they were less than sympathetic. The loud music ceased soon after but loud conversation heard and music from the convention area continued until 3 am. A 9.3 Wonderful Anonymous, Sep. 2014 Pros:A group of us needed to stay a night in Toronto near the 401W freeway as we would be driving back to the US the next day. Good location to the freeway and airport but keep in mind pretty far from tourist spots. Adequate breakfast with eggs, ham, sausages, cereal, bread, jam, coffee, tea, fresh fruits. Quiet and comfortable and clean beds. The quality of the room was much more than I expected for what I paid. Free parking, and okay Wi-Fi. Cons:Not much. Very pleased for the quality in exchange for what we paid. A 3.6 Poor Anonymous, Aug. 2014 Pros:Nothing actually. Cons:Rooms were incredibly small. Food was terrible. And both weekend nights had an Indian celebration going on until 2am!! Both nights and the music was shaking the room and the staff had no clue when it would stop and after multiple complaints they didn't even shut it down. I mean party until 11, 12 maybe but 2 am are u kidding me it was the most disturbing thing ever. A 9.6 Wonderful Anonymous, Apr. 2014 Pros:Wonderful staff, clean, luxurious room. Best free breakfast. Cons:Parking lots, when they have a wedding there......parking lots is almost non existing. Location 30 Vice Regent Boulevard, Toronto, ON What's nearby High Park12.6 km Royal Ontario Museum16.6 km Exhibition Place16.6 km Kensington Market16.7 km University of Toronto16.7 km Art Gallery Of Ontario17.3 km TIFF Bell Lightbox17.7 km Princess of Wales Theatre17.8 km Nathan Phillips Square18 km Rogers Centre18.1 km Toronto Eaton Centre18.1 km CN Tower18.2 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Woodbine Hotel and Suites Low season October High season September Average price (weeknight) C$ 111 Average price (weekend night) C$ 158 Cheapest month to stay with an average 21% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 41% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Woodbine Hotel and Suites Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Woodbine Hotel and Suites If you’re after a cheap room at Woodbine Hotel and Suites, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in October and November. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Woodbine Hotel and Suites, plan to stay on a Tuesday or Monday. The most expensive day is usually Thursday. The cheapest price a room at Woodbine Hotel and Suites was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 144, while the most expensive was C$ 144. How long should you stay at Woodbine Hotel and Suites? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Woodbine Hotel and Suites Where is Woodbine Hotel and Suites located? Woodbine Hotel and Suites is located at 30 Vice Regent Boulevard in Etobicoke, 18.1 km from the centre of Toronto. High Park is the closest landmark to Woodbine Hotel and Suites. When is check-in time and check-out time at Woodbine Hotel and Suites? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Woodbine Hotel and Suites. Does Woodbine Hotel and Suites offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Woodbine Hotel and Suites offers free Wi-Fi. How far is Woodbine Hotel and Suites from the airport? Woodbine Hotel and Suites is 4 km from Toronto Pearson Intl. Does Woodbine Hotel and Suites have a pool? Yes, Woodbine Hotel and Suites has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Woodbine Hotel and Suites hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Woodbine Hotel and Suites in Toronto and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Woodbine Hotel and Suites and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Woodbine Hotel and Suites. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 3-star hotel Comfort Hotel Airport North0.45 kmWi-Fi, Tea/coffee maker, Coffee machineC$ 148+ 2-star hotel Comfort Inn & Conference Centre Toronto Airport5.7 Okay (33 reviews)1.45 kmCoffee machine, Flat-screen TV, Free toiletriesC$ 136+ Rental Cozy Basement Apartment near Toronto Pearson Airport1.77 kmC$ 132+ Rental Modern and Bright Luxury Home Centrally Located in Toronto’s GTA10 Excellent (2 reviews)1.96 kmCity view, Kitchen, terrace/patioC$ 655+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Toronto 2-star hotel Comfort Inn & Conference Centre Toronto Airport5.7 Okay (33 reviews)1.45 kmCoffee machine, Flat-screen TV, Free toiletriesC$ 136+ 3-star hotel Comfort Hotel Airport North0.45 kmWi-Fi, Tea/coffee maker, Coffee machineC$ 148+ Rental Cozy Basement Apartment near Toronto Pearson Airport1.77 kmC$ 132+ Rental Modern and Bright Luxury Home Centrally Located in Toronto’s GTA10 Excellent (2 reviews)1.96 kmCity view, Kitchen, terrace/patioC$ 655+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Toronto 2-star hotel Comfort Inn & Conference Centre Toronto Airport5.7 Okay (33 reviews)1.45 kmCoffee machine, Flat-screen TV, Free toiletriesC$ 136+ 3-star hotel Comfort Hotel Airport North0.45 kmWi-Fi, Tea/coffee maker, Coffee machineC$ 148+ Rental Modern and Bright Luxury Home Centrally Located in Toronto’s GTA10 Excellent (2 reviews)1.96 kmCity view, Kitchen, terrace/patioC$ 655+ Rental Cozy Basement Apartment near Toronto Pearson Airport1.77 kmC$ 132+ Good to know Value for money 6.5 Distance to downtown 18.1 km Nearest Airport Toronto Pearson Intl Distance to airport 4.0 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in Ontario Hotels in Lake Ontario Toronto Hotels Woodbine Hotel and Suites Top Hotel Destinations Kelowna Hotels Vancouver Hotels Atlanta Hotels Las Vegas Hotels Cannon Beach Hotels Montreal Hotels Honolulu Hotels South Kuta Hotels Toronto Hotels New York Hotels Paris Hotels Québec City Hotels Niagara Falls hotels Ottawa hotels Mississauga hotels Tobermory hotels Kingston hotels The Blue Mountains hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Woodbine Hotel and Suites discounts in Toronto with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Woodbine Hotel and Suites in Toronto. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Woodbine Hotel and Suites that suits you best. C$ 117 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.