Les Suites Hotel Ottawa C$ 138 (C̶$̶ ̶3̶0̶0̶). Ottawa Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Ottawa, Canada See location 7.8 Good 1,670 reviews Official website Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 138 View Deal 73 more Les Suites Hotel Ottawa deals 73 more Les Suites Hotel Ottawa deals Building 1/24 Living room 2/24 Gym 3/24 Gym 4/24 Conference room 5/24 Kitchen 6/24 Bedroom 7/24 Bathroom 8/24 Living room 9/24 Other 10/24 Conference room 11/24 Kitchen 12/24 Living room 13/24 Conference room 14/24 Pool 15/24 Living room 16/24 Conference room 17/24 Gym 18/24 Bedroom 19/24 Living room 20/24 Conference room 21/24 Building 22/24 Building 23/24 Pool 24/24 All photos(24) Conference room(5) Living room(5) Building(3) Gym(3) View all photos About Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Aparthotel Room Your room includes a full kitchen Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free Les Suites Hotel is located in Ottawa and is a short walk from Laurier Bus Station. It features a fitness center, as well as a sauna, an indoor pool and a Jacuzzi. The property has recently undergone refurbishment and provides babysitting/child services, a 24-hour business centre and a 24-hour reception. Additionally, the multilingual staff are on hand to provide assistance. A helpful tour desk is available and Mackenzie King Station is within walking distance, making it convenient for guests to discover the local area and its attractions. The property's apartments are comfortable and feature a kitchenette that is equipped with a microwave, a dishwasher and a refrigerator. All are air conditioned and offer movies-on-demand, wireless internet access and tea and coffee making facilities. Les Suites Hotel provides a conveniently located in-house café where guests can grab a bite to eat before heading out to explore the local area. Meals can also be enjoyed on the restaurant's terrace. Les Suites Hotel is less than a 25-minute drive from Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport and Parliament Hill is a brief walk away. There are a range of shopping, nightlife and dining options a stone's throw away. Read more Latest deals for Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Queen room See amenities C$ 180 View deal C$ 182 View deal C$ 189 View deal Show 9 more deals King room See amenities C$ 176 View deal C$ 231 View deal C$ 275 View deal Show 5 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 140 View deal C$ 142 View deal C$ 168 View deal Double room See amenities C$ 227 View deal C$ 236 View deal Premier Room See amenities C$ 138 View deal C$ 145 View deal C$ 186 View deal Show 10 more deals Classic room See amenities C$ 147 View deal C$ 154 View deal C$ 171 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Indoor pool Fitness centre Restaurant Room service Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Business centre Wi-Fi available in all areas Flat-screen TV Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Enhanced cleaning Carbon monoxide detector Safe Cleaning products Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Wake-up service Car rental Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Mini-market on site Meeting/Banquet facilities Room service Tour desk Key access Key card access Express check-out 24hr front desk Safety deposit box Kitchen Wine glasses Electric kettle Kitchenware Kitchen Kitchenette Dishwasher Oven Microwave Stovetop Tea/coffee maker Toaster Refrigerator Coffee machine Dining area Basics Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Linens Towels Shampoo Body soap Trash cans Conditioner General Family rooms Garden view Hardwood or parquet floors Inner courtyard view Storage available Quiet street view Seating area Sofa Soundproof rooms Soundproofing Telephone Carpeted City view Things to do Board games/puzzles Fishing Golf Canoeing Cycling Scuba diving Diving Skiing Horse riding Water park Hiking Dining Packed lunches Special diet menus (on request) Restaurant Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Dining room Snack bar Breakfast in the room Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Dining table Accessibility and suitability Hypoallergenic No smoking Non-feather pillow Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Disabled Access Elevator Accessible by elevator Allergy-free room Upper floors accessible by elevator Bathroom Hairdryer Private bathroom Shower Additional toilet Bathtub Toilet Toilet paper Laundry Ironing service Laundry facilities Laundry service Iron and ironing board Tumble dryer Washing machine Pool and spa Hot tub Indoor pool Pool towels Massage Sauna Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Smartphone dock TV Outdoor Garden Terrace/Patio Balcony Bedroom Sofa bed Alarm clock Clothes rack Workspace Fax/photocopying Laptop safe Desk Parking and transportation Parking Private parking Family friendly Babysitting or child care Kids meals Fitness Fitness centre Show all 146 amenities Reviews of Les Suites Hotel Ottawa 7.8 GoodBased on 1,670 verified guest reviews 7.6Families 8.0Solo 7.8Friends 7.9Couples Traveller type: Families Solo Friends Couples Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention great locationfriendly staffroom was spaciouswalking distancerooms are very spaciousparking is expensivebed was harddowntown ottawabyward marketbed was very comfortablefront deskfull kitchengood sizehot tubwasher and dryermain attractionsles suites Traveler rating: Poor (40) Mediocre (15) Fair (25) Okay (28) Good (88) Very good (103) Wonderful (200) Sort by: Newest first P 10.0 Wonderful Pam, Sep. 2023 Liked the suite, the check-in, the location and the underground parking. A little pricey but everything is these days! A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Jun. 2019 Pros:great location, clean rooms/suites M 9.7 Wonderful Margaret, Jul. 2018 Pros:Location was good. If you are able to walk, not too far to the Parliment or the Byward market place. Nice products in the bathroom. There is a kitchen and laundry in the suites. Cons:Unloading the car area is very tight and not many spaces. The carpeting in our room could have been updated. Was a bit dirty. Elevators are very slow. $28.00 to park the car, but I believe that was per visit, not per day. M 8.8 Very good maureenthorndyke, Aug. 2015 Pros:Les Suites is wonderful if you have young children. The bedroom suite allows you to put your children to bed and adults can continue to enjoy their evening. The fully equipped kitchen is fantastic, children can have their regular breakfast etc. which helps with routine. Very close to market, shopping and tourist attractions. This is our second stay at the hotel and have been very pleased both visits. Cons:Parking is a challenge. Very limited parking spots and if you drive a van or larger vehicle, may available spots are too small. A 9.4 Wonderful Anonymous, Aug. 2015 Pros:Great location and the 2 been suite was the perfect size for us and the price we paid. Service was great. It was very busy but that showed the quality of the hotel, people were there for everything: family, sports teams, young friends. We were treated well and had a good stay! Cons:Some of our cups had lipstick stains on them and the hottub (part of the reason we decided on the hotel) was out of order but that's about it. A 6.5 Okay Anonymous, Jul. 2015 Cons:They had over booked, so we didn't get the premium sweet that we had paid for. They made an error when checking us in giving us a room that was already occupied, adding a good 30 minutes to our wait to get into a room. Usually you can chalk that up to a good story, but we had an ice cream cake that melted while we waited. We had hoped to use that time to decorate the room for a surprise party. J 10.0 Wonderful joanne.murray, Apr. 2015 Pros:My family and I stayed at Les Suites for nine days and I loved that the suite was equipped with everything and there was lots of storage!!!!!! I could wash and dry our clothes, cook a meal when I felt like or bring home left overs and heat it up! The rooms are very spacious and were always clean and fresh, and the staff were very discreet, not invading your privacy. They were also very courteous when you met them in the hallways and elevators. The location of the hotel is ideal, walking distance to the mall and downtown Ottawa. I felt comfortable and at home. I would definitely be staying at Les Suites on my next visit to Canada. Location 130 Besserer Street, Ottawa, ON What's nearby Shaw Centre317 m National War Memorial0.6 km University of Ottawa0.6 km Bytown Museum0.7 km Notre-Dame Cathedral Basilica0.7 km National Gallery of Canada0.8 km Parliament Hill0.8 km Peace Tower0.8 km Laurier House0.9 km Royal Canadian Mint1 km Supreme Court of Canada1.4 km Canadian Museum of Nature1.5 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Low season March High season September Average price (weeknight) C$ 230 Average price (weekend night) C$ 192 Cheapest month to stay with an average 15% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 60% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa If you’re after a cheap room at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in March and November. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa, plan to stay on a Sunday or Friday. The most expensive day is usually Tuesday. The cheapest price a room at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 241, while the most expensive was C$ 241. How long should you stay at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 2 days. FAQs when booking at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Where is Les Suites Hotel Ottawa located? Les Suites Hotel Ottawa is located at 130 Besserer Street in Sandy Hill, 1.3 km from the centre of Ottawa. Shaw Centre is the closest landmark to Les Suites Hotel Ottawa. When is check-in time and check-out time at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa. Does Les Suites Hotel Ottawa offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Les Suites Hotel Ottawa offers free Wi-Fi. How far is Les Suites Hotel Ottawa from the airport? Les Suites Hotel Ottawa is 12.1 km from Ottawa. Les Suites Hotel Ottawa is 85.2 km from Ogdensburg. Does Les Suites Hotel Ottawa have a pool? Yes, Les Suites Hotel Ottawa has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Les Suites Hotel Ottawa hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa in Ottawa and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Les Suites Hotel Ottawa. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 4-star hotel Novotel Ottawa City Centre8 Excellent (1,268 reviews)0.07 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 139+ 4-star hotel Le Germain Hotel Ottawa8.9 Excellent (573 reviews)0.09 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Bar/LoungeC$ 255+ 2-star hotel Byward Suites5.9 Okay (40 reviews)0.16 kmWi-Fi, Tea/coffee maker, Coffee machineC$ 141+ Rental Byward Luxury Suites0.2 kmKitchenC$ 1,592+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Ottawa 3-star hotel 76% cheaperResidence De l'Uottawa - Uottawa Residences - Friel0.68 kmWi-FiC$ 33+ Rental 50% cheaperLisgar Street Apartments by CorporateStays0.85 kmKitchenC$ 67+ 3-star hotel 16% cheaperSonder Rideau9 Excellent (959 reviews)0.77 kmFitness centre, Free Wi-Fi, Tea/coffee makerC$ 111+ Rental 16% cheaperPet-Friendly Apartment In Downtown Ottawa0.62 kmKitchen, Porch, air-conditionedC$ 111+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Ottawa 3-star hotel 16% cheaperSonder Rideau9 Excellent (959 reviews)0.77 kmFitness centre, Free Wi-Fi, Tea/coffee makerC$ 111+ 4-star hotel The Metcalfe Hotel8.9 Excellent (299 reviews)0.8 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Bar/LoungeC$ 206+ 5-star hotel Fairmont Chateau Laurier Gold Experience8.9 Excellent (71 reviews)0.5 kmIndoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 492+ 4-star hotel Le Germain Hotel Ottawa8.9 Excellent (573 reviews)0.09 kmFitness centre, Restaurant, Bar/LoungeC$ 255+ Good to know Value for money 7.8 Distance to downtown 1.3 km Nearest Airport Ottawa Distance to airport 11.6 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in Ontario Ottawa Hotels Les Suites Hotel Ottawa Top Hotel Destinations Las Vegas Hotels Edmundston Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Osoyoos Hotels Sosúa Hotels Firostefani Hotels Dublin Hotels Venice Hotels Nassau Hotels San Jose Hotels The Blue Mountains Hotels New York Hotels Akumal Hotels Montreal Hotels Toronto hotels Mississauga hotels Tobermory hotels Kingston hotels Wasaga Beach hotels Niagara-on-the-Lake hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Les Suites Hotel Ottawa discounts in Ottawa with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Les Suites Hotel Ottawa in Ottawa. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Les Suites Hotel Ottawa that suits you best. C$ 133 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.