Vacation Rentals: Find Apartments, Beach Houses & More - KAYAK Skip to main content Flights Hotels Cars Vacation Rentals Find the perfect vacation rental Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Search vacation rentals by destination Find Vacation Rentals KAYAK searches for vacation rental deals on hundreds of vacation home comparison sites to help you find rental apartments, cabins, villas, cottages, beach houses and more. Whether you are looking for a getaway at an oceanfront vacation rental home or a short-term home near you, you can find the best deals faster at KAYAK. Las Vegas Vacation Rentals Bangkok Vacation Rentals Dubai Vacation Rentals Tokyo Vacation Rentals Playa del Carmen Vacation Rentals Cancún Vacation Rentals Honolulu Vacation Rentals New York Vacation Rentals Toronto Vacation Rentals Punta Cana Vacation Rentals Denpasar Vacation Rentals Havana Vacation Rentals Puerto Vallarta Vacation Rentals Tulum Vacation Rentals Vancouver Vacation Rentals Frequently asked questions about vacation rentals on KAYAK How does KAYAK find such low vacation rental prices? KAYAK processes and displays results from 2M+ properties and hundreds of third party sites, allowing it to find a variety of vacation rental prices and options which allow users to save money on vacation rentals, cabins, beach houses, condos, villas and more. KAYAK also displays millions of verified reviews so users can see as many available vacation rental options as possible. What is special about vacation rental reviews on KAYAK? All vacation rental property reviews on KAYAK are by verified guests, so you know that what you're reading is legit. How do I find the best vacation rental deals on KAYAK? A simple vacation rental search at https://www.ca.kayak.com/rentals scans for prices on hundreds of travel sites in seconds. We gather vacation rental deals from across the web and put them in one place. Then on the search results page you can use various filters to compare options for the same vacation home and easily choose the best rental deal from all of the deals coming straight from the travel sites to your screen, with no extra fee from KAYAK. How does KAYAK find such low vacation rental prices? KAYAK processes and displays results from 2M+ properties and hundreds of third party sites, allowing it to find a variety of vacation rental prices and options which allow users to save money on vacation rentals, cabins, beach houses, condos, villas and more. KAYAK also displays millions of verified reviews so users can see as many available vacation rental options as possible. How do I find the best vacation rental deals on KAYAK? A simple vacation rental search at https://www.ca.kayak.com/rentals scans for prices on hundreds of travel sites in seconds. We gather vacation rental deals from across the web and put them in one place. Then on the search results page you can use various filters to compare options for the same vacation home and easily choose the best rental deal from all of the deals coming straight from the travel sites to your screen, with no extra fee from KAYAK. What is special about vacation rental reviews on KAYAK? All vacation rental property reviews on KAYAK are by verified guests, so you know that what you're reading is legit. Site / Currency Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search vacation rentals with KAYAK. Use the vacation home finder to search for the best vacation homes for all major destinations around the world. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the vacation rental home that suits you best. OK