16 Best Hotels in Banff. Hotels from C$ 35/night - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Banff hotels Search hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Banff 1 room, 2 guests Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 Search ...and more Let KAYAK do the searching Save on your next stay Search and compare hundreds of travel sites at once for hotels in Banff We’re completely free to use – no hidden charges or fees Filter by free cancellation, free breakfast and more Good to know Low season April High season July Average price (weeknight) C$ 245 Average price (weekend night) C$ 309 Cheapest month to stay with an average 35% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 116% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. Best Banff hotels Most recommended Banff hotels Show all Charltons Banff 7.7 Good C$ 188+ C$ 188+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Spa Banff Inn 8.3 Very good C$ 267+ C$ 267+ Free Wi-Fi Red Carpet Inn - Banff - Building Red Carpet Inn 7.5 Good C$ 175+ C$ 175+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Elk + Avenue Hotel - Banff - Restaurant Elk + Avenue Hotel 8.2 Very good C$ 206+ C$ 206+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Spa Banff Aspen Lodge - Banff - Lobby Banff Aspen Lodge 8.1 Very good C$ 228+ C$ 228+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Spa Brewster Mountain Lodge - Banff - Lobby Brewster Mountain Lodge 8.5 Very good C$ 217+ C$ 217+ Free Wi-Fi Spa High Country Inn - Banff - Lobby High Country Inn 8.6 Very good C$ 182+ C$ 182+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly King Edward Hotel - Banff - Building King Edward Hotel 7.5 Good C$ 121+ C$ 121+ Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Peaks Hotel and Suites - Banff - Living room Peaks Hotel and Suites 9 Wonderful C$ 275+ C$ 275+ Buffalo Mountain Lodge - Banff - Lounge Buffalo Mountain Lodge 7.9 Good C$ 254+ C$ 254+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Spa Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa - Banff - Bedroom Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa 7.8 Good C$ 206+ C$ 206+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pet friendly Spa The Juniper Hotel & Bistro - Banff - Living room The Juniper Hotel & Bistro 8.1 Very good C$ 182+ C$ 182+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Spa Best Western Plus Siding 29 Lodge - Banff - Bedroom Best Western Plus Siding 29 Lodge 8.2 Very good C$ 221+ C$ 221+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Canalta Lodge - Banff - Bedroom Canalta Lodge 8.7 Very good C$ 256+ C$ 256+ Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly Spa Rundlestone Lodge - Banff - Building Rundlestone Lodge 8 Very good C$ 194+ C$ 194+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Fox Hotel and Suites - Banff - Bedroom Fox Hotel and Suites 8 Very good C$ 248+ C$ 248+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Pool Pet friendly View more Banff hotels near Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies Show all Banff Park Lodge 8.1 Very good C$ 219+ C$ 219+ Pool Moose Hotel and Suites 8.9 Very good C$ 424+ C$ 424+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Banff Ptarmigan Inn - Banff - Building Banff Ptarmigan Inn 8 Very good C$ 225+ C$ 225+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Bow View Lodge - Banff - Living room Bow View Lodge 7.3 Good C$ 140+ C$ 140+ Parking Top Banff hotels with parking Show all Irwin's Mountain Inn 7.8 Good C$ 179+ C$ 179+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Inns of Banff C$ 690+ C$ 690+ Parking Free Wi-Fi Go to map Search by stars 2+ stars3+ stars4+ stars Search by review score 6+ Okay7+ Good8+ Great9+ Excellent Search by price C$ 101 - C$ 248C$ 248 - C$ 395C$ 395 - C$ 543C$ 543 - C$ 690C$ 690+ per night Search by freebies Free cancellationFree breakfastFree parkingFree internet When to book a hotel in Banff Price per night / 3-star hotel. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for finding Banff hotel deals If you’re looking for a cheap hotel in Banff, you should consider visiting during the low season. You'll find cheaper accommodations in Banff in April and November. Hotel room prices vary depending on many factors but you’ll most likely find the best hotel deals in Banff if you stay on a Sunday. The opposite is true for, Thursday, which is usually the most expensive day. Book at least 37 days before your stay begins to get the best price for your Banff accommodation. The cheapest 3-star hotel room in Banff found on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 109, while the most expensive was C$ 479. How long should you stay? KAYAK users usually book their accommodation in Banff for 3 days. Banff Park Lodge is the best option for those who want to be surrounded by the splendor of nature and have easy access to the terrain. Lake Minnewanka, the Sulphur Mountain Gondola, and the Mt. Norquay Ski Hill are all within three miles of the lodge. The distance between the Banff Gondola Center and the Cave and Basin National Historic Site is less than a mile, and the balconies from the private rooms provide great views of the Banff National Park. If you are visiting Banff on business, the Canalta Lodge provides a complimentary shuttle to the airport upon request and is 20 minutes away from Banff Railway station on foot. A meeting room and a 24-hour business center are available on-site to help you complete your business efficiently. For individuals looking to stay in hotels with fine dining options, there are several Banff hotels that you can choose from. Elk Avenue Hotel is one of many local hotels that offer an elevated dining experience to their guests and visitors alike. Delicious cuisine is always easy to find because there are so many restaurants and cafes nearby the hotel. You can opt for any of the onsite restaurants with a variety of breakfast options. For lunch and dinner, you can choose anything from burgers and salads to dishes like rigatoni with chorizo and hand beer-battered fish and chips. Banff Caribou Lodge & Spa will immediately appeal to couples seeking an intriguing romantic getaway location. The hotel's hot tub, outdoor pool, and fitness center are perfect for couples. Visit the Banff Cascades of Times Gardens or the Upper Hot Springs to discover more about Banff to broaden your enjoyment. Additionally, the lodge offers a fireplace with stunning mountain views suitable for a romantic moment. There are fantastic places to stay close to Banff Airport, such as Hi Banff Alpine Center Hotel - offering a free shuttle service and located within a 10 minute drive from the airport. There is a bar, a restaurant, a computer station, an indoor swimming pool, and a spa. A different option is Bow View Lodge, which is located 10 minutes away from the airport. The hotel offers shuttle services at an extra cost. When you're planning an indulgent trip to Banff, you'll have many high end hotels to choose from. For the height of luxury, book a room at the 5-star Rimrock Resort Hotel, which is in walking distance of the famous Banff Gondola and is close to the Banff Upper Hot Springs. If you want to be close to Banff National Park, you can't get any closer than The Fairmont Banff Springs resort, which is located in the national park itself. The castle-like resort is a National Historic Site. It offers an outdoor pool that's heated and an outdoor hot tub. You can also enjoy a meal at one of the five on-site restaurants. While in Banff, consider attending a concert at The Banff Centre. This modern concert venue is close to downtown and features indoor and outdoor concerts, depending on the season. To stay within reach of The Banff Centre, book a room at Fox Hotel Suites, which has an indoor hot-pool and a variety of suite options. Downtown Banff offers cultural attractions, such as museums. To stay in the city center, think about booking a room at the Banff Aspen Lodge. Rooms here come with private balconies or patios and it’s a short walk from the Banff Park Museum. Brewster's Mountain Lodge is centrally located and in easy walking distance of The Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies. If you're visiting during the winter, consider staying at one of the hotels in Banff with wood burning fireplaces. The Douglas Fir Resort and Chalets offers rooms with wood-burning or gas-burning fireplaces. It’s also the only hotel in Banff that has an indoor water park. The Buffalo Mountain Lodge features a wood-burning fireplace in every room. FAQs when booking a hotel in Banff Which hotels in Banff are suitable to stay in with kids? Families traveling with kids to Banff should consider making reservations at family-friendly hotels in Banff. Banff Park Lodge offers excellent family services. The hotel features family rooms with exciting city views. Additionally, it offers baby care services on request at an extra cost and kids' meals. Where can I stay in Banff with a person with limited mobility? Guests with limited mobility should consider staying at Banff Park Lodge. The hotel is equipped with roll-in showers, elevators, and washrooms fitted with grab rails and is also wheelchair accessible. Are there hotels offering free parking services? If you are self-driving to Banff, you must stay in a hotel with excellent parking services. Banff Inn is your best bet. The hotel offers free parking services. Which hotels offer fun activities? Guests looking forward to engaging in multiple fun activities while in Banff have many hotels at their disposal. For instance, Mount Royal Hotel is located close to locations offering cycling, hiking, skiing, canoeing, golfing, and fishing activities. Are there any hotels in Banff that come with in room jacuzzis? There are some hotels in Banff that come with in-room Jacuzzis. The Banff Caribou Lodge and Spa offers suites with Jacuzzi tubs. The hotel also features an on-site spa and a 26-person jetted hot pool. The Rundlestone Lodge is another hotel that offers suites with Jacuzzi tubs. Are there any hotels in Banff with rooftop pools? If you're looking for a rooftop pool in Banff, book a room at Moose Hotel and Suites. Take a swim and enjoy sweeping views of the Canadian Rocky Mountains. This hotel also has an indoor pool and spa, and is located in the city center. Are there any good budget hotels in Banff city center? There are some budget-friendly hotel options close to the action of the city center. Check out Charltons Banff Hotel, with free parking and a swimming pool. You could also consider Banff Inn, with a restaurant and bar onsite. Which hotels in Banff are near the ski slopes? Most of the hotels in Banff are near ski slopes or provide transportation to various ski resorts. The Delta Hotel by Marriott Banff Royal Canadian Lodge is one such hotel, just a short drive from the Sunshine Village ski resort. The Rundlestone Lodge and Mount Royal Hotel are also just minutes from ski trails. What are the best hotels near Sunshine Village? KAYAK users like staying at Sunshine Mountain Lodge when looking for a hotel in close proximity to Sunshine Village. How much does a hotel cost in Banff? C$ 433 is the average price for a double room in Banff, but our users have found rooms for as cheap as C$ 52 in the last 3 days. How much is a hotel in Banff for tonight? In the last 3 hours, users have found Banff hotels for tonight for as low as C$ 105. Users have also found 3-star hotels from C$ 95 and 4-star hotels from C$ 191. How much is a hotel in Banff for this weekend? In the last 3 days, the best price displayed on KAYAK for a double hotel room in Banff for the upcoming weekend was C$ 116 per night. We also found good deals for 3-star hotel rooms from C$ 125 and 4-star hotel rooms from C$ 276. How do I find a hotel in central Banff? After you launch a hotel search on KAYAK, you can refine your research by neighbourhood, which allows you to pick the central Banff districts. You can also do a search using the city map to choose a specific location, like Banff city centre How can I find hotels near me? Take a look at our extensive hotel map to find the best hotels near you. Are there Banff hotels with free parking? There are many hotels in Banff that offer both parking and free parking. Popular choices among KAYAK users include Red Carpet Inn, Banff Aspen Lodge and High Country Inn. Where to stay in Banff? Our map will help you find the perfect place to stay in Banff by showing you the exact location of each hotel. What Banff hotel guests are talking about Show all What Banff hotel guests are talking about Hotels about topic Show all Sunshine Mountain Lodge 8.4 Very good C$ 417+ C$ 417+ Parking Popular topics pools Popular in Banff Banff spa hotels Banff pet-friendly hotels Banff boutique hotels Banff budget hotels Banff family hotels Banff luxury hotels Banff hotels with pools Banff romantic hotels Banff last minute hotels Accommodations in Banff Hostel Resort Bed & Breakfast Vacation Rentals in Banff Airports in Banff Hotels near Calgary Airport Hotels near Red Deer Airport Landmarks in Banff Hotels near Banff Lake Louise Tourism Bureau, Banff Hotels near Banff Cascades of Time Gardens, Banff Hotels near Banff Park Museum, Banff Hotels near Central Park, Banff All hotels in Banff Hotels Hotels in North America Hotels in Canada Hotels in Alberta Hotels in Banff National Park Banff Hotels Top Hotel Destinations New York hotels Seattle hotels Los Angeles hotels New Orleans hotels Saskatoon hotels Hong Kong hotels Dublin hotels Detroit hotels Las Vegas hotels Niagara Falls hotels Castries hotels Orlando hotels Montreal hotels Puerto Vallarta hotels Whistler hotels Vancouver hotels Mississauga hotels Daytona Beach hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Canmore hotels Jasper hotels Lake Louise hotels Red Deer hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Banff Hotel Deals. Search and compare hotels in Banff. Find cheap hotel rooms in Banff. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find cheap hotels and book the room that suits you best. Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.