Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel C$ 47 (C̶$̶ ̶4̶2̶4̶). Las Vegas Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Las Vegas, NV See location 6.6 Okay 2,497 reviews Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Provider Nightly total C$ 47 View Deal 205 more Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel deals 205 more Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel deals Lobby 1/60 Restaurant 2/60 Restaurant 3/60 Pool 4/60 Pool 5/60 Restaurant 6/60 Spa 7/60 Pool 8/60 Building 9/60 Building 10/60 Conference room 11/60 Bedroom 12/60 Living room 13/60 Pool 14/60 Bedroom 15/60 Conference room 16/60 Living room 17/60 Pool 18/60 Banquet hall 19/60 Pool 20/60 Banquet hall 21/60 Banquet hall 22/60 Other 23/60 Living room 24/60 Building 25/60 Building 26/60 Gym 27/60 Gym 28/60 Banquet hall 29/60 Pool 30/60 Other 31/60 Pool 32/60 Conference room 33/60 Bedroom 34/60 Room amenity 35/60 Bedroom 36/60 Restaurant 37/60 Bathroom 38/60 Bedroom 39/60 Banquet hall 40/60 Other 41/60 Conference room 42/60 Bathroom 43/60 Pool 44/60 Other 45/60 Conference room 46/60 Bedroom 47/60 Restaurant 48/60 Other 49/60 Living room 50/60 Outdoors view 51/60 Outdoors view 52/60 Bathroom 53/60 Other 54/60 Outdoors view 55/60 Bathroom 56/60 Bedroom 57/60 Living room 58/60 Bedroom 59/60 Conference room 60/60 All photos(60) Pool(9) Bedroom(8) Conference room(6) Other(6) View all photos About Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Enhanced cleaning This stay has committed to enhanced cleaning measures.Learn more Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi and Parking for free Daily Resort Charge will be added to the room rate and includes: Wifi: self parking: 2 bottles of water per day: 2 for 1 frozen drinks at Tropicana Pool: 20% off Trips at Zero1 Off Road Adventures: 20% off Grand Canyon Tours: Glow Spa- $30 off services over $140, 20% off retail products Prepare to be surprised. The Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel redefines the expectations of today’s global travelers with a casually elegant experience on the Las Vegas Strip and a convenient location just minutes from the airport, major convention centers and top entertainment stadiums. With a unique South Beach vibe after a $200 million complete transformation, the hotel features all-new rooms, suites and luxury villas that evoke the sentiment of a breezy beach house or penthouse in Miami, a fresh redesign of the 50,000 sq. ft. casino, more than 100,000 sq. ft. of meeting and exhibition space, several award-winning restaurants, a new race and sports book, and Glow®, a Mandara Spa and fitness center. First-class entertainment includes ‘The New ILLUSIONS’ starring Jan Rouven and ‘Raiding the Rock Vault’ in the Tropicana Theater, Laugh Factory comedy club and live music in the Tropicana Lounge. Each best-in-class guest room is styled in a sunset palette of warm shades and appointed custom-designed furnishings, plantation shutters, a sleek chaise or workspace desk, a king or two queen-size ultra-plush Euro Top Serta Perfect Sleeper mattresses and 300-thread-count linens. In-room entertainment is transformed with a 42-inch HDTV, WiFi, and an iHome clock radio with a universal docking station. The hotel offers also seven types of suites, all of which are lavishly designed with the perfect blend of lighting, color and texture, and a liberating sense of space. With custom furnishings made from premium materials and a welcoming palette of warm sunset shades, each suite will enhance the guest experience with amenities such as a wet or dry bar, a spacious living room, dining room, sauna, steam room, 42- to 70-inch HDTVs and indoor whirlpool spas. Read more Latest deals for Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Luxury Room See amenities C$ 116 View deal C$ 124 View deal C$ 127 View deal Show 6 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 93 View deal C$ 95 View deal C$ 97 View deal Show 10 more deals Queen room See amenities C$ 68 View deal C$ 84 View deal C$ 95 View deal Show 10 more deals King room See amenities C$ 47 View deal C$ 50 View deal C$ 57 View deal Show 10 more deals Superior Room See amenities C$ 247 View deal C$ 260 View deal C$ 264 View deal Show 1 more deal Deluxe room See amenities C$ 72 View deal C$ 78 View deal C$ 78 View deal Show 10 more deals Executive room See amenities C$ 109 View deal Double room See amenities C$ 98 View deal C$ 100 View deal C$ 106 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Outdoor pool Indoor pool Spa and wellness centre Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Free Wi-Fi Coffee shop Valet parking Free parking Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules Property is cleaned by professional cleaning companies Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces First-aid kit Safe Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Concierge service Entertainment staff Currency exchange on-site Meeting/Banquet facilities Mini-market on site Tour desk Express check-out 24hr front desk Safety deposit box Bottle of water Chapel/shrine Basics Internet Fire extinguisher Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Air-conditioned Free Wi-Fi Linens Towels Trash cans General Family rooms Interconnected room(s) available Pool view Storage available Seating area Sofa Telephone Carpeted City view Pool and spa Hot tub Indoor pool Outdoor pool Pool towels Pool with a view Spa and wellness centre Massage Sauna Accessibility and suitability Multi-lingual staff Pets not allowed Designated smoking area Non-smoking rooms available Disabled Access Elevator Accessible parking Upper floors accessible by elevator Media and entertainment Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Pay-per-view channels Radio Shared lounge/TV area TV Smartphone dock Bathroom Hairdryer Private bathroom Shower Bathtub Spa bath Toilet Toilet paper Dining Restaurant Bar/Lounge Coffee shop Vending machine (drinks) Vending machine (snacks) Laundry Laundry facilities Laundry service Pants press Iron and ironing board Things to do Casino Golf Evening entertainment Beauty salon Parking and transportation Free parking Private parking Valet parking Workspace Fax/photocopying Laptop safe Desk Outdoor Garden Balcony Bedroom Alarm clock Wardrobe or closet Family friendly Kids meals Fitness Fitness centre Show all 104 amenities Reviews of Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel 6.6 OkayBased on 2,497 verified guest reviews 7.0Families 6.7Couples 6.8Friends 6.3Solo Traveller type: Families Couples Friends Solo Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention room was cleangreat locationfriendly staffgreat poolfree parkingclose to the stripcasino floorsmoking roomcoffee makerfront deskresort feetropicanafridge in the roomwalk a milebed was comfortablepoor customer servicesecond day Traveler rating: Poor (240) Mediocre (76) Fair (118) Okay (105) Good (117) Very good (106) Wonderful (196) Sort by: Newest first B 2.0 Poor Brittany, Aug. 2022 I would give it a zero if that was an option. 8/2 was fine on 8/3 my purse was stolen at the pool. I tucked my purse under a towel after getting my phone out to take a photo. The guest next to me asked if the chair next to me was occupied. I took my photo and returned to my chair within 60 seconds. When I got back the man and my purse (probably bundled in the towel) we’re gone. I notified staff immediately and let them know it had just happened and if they could radio security it might get retrieved. The person at the pool said he’d call the manager over. I waited 2 minutes and asked where the manager was. The pool employee said the manager had come by but said she couldn’t do anything so they called security. Another employee told me I needed to go to the front desk if I want anything done. After arriving at the front desk and letting them know (probably loudly and I’m sorry to them for that) my purse had just been stolen an employee handed me the phone and dialed security for me. Security arrived and scolded me for not waiting by the pool. He told me there was nothing they could do and had me fill out an incident report. I asked them if they could at least replace our room key so my husband could take our crying kids back to our room. They asked for my ID even though I was there because my purse was stolen, I have no ID. They did replace our key. We ended up cancelling all of our credit cards and spending our last night and day with nothing as everything was in my purse. A note my mother wrote me before she died was in my wallet in my purse and that can never be replaced. I haven’t heard from anyone regarding the video footage (we were under a camera), no copy of the incident report, nothing. I spent hours with TSA trying to fly home. Honestly the Tropicana ruined more than just our trip. This was and is a continuing nightmare. F 3.4 Poor Fasse, Feb. 2020 Pros:It was just ok. The staff was nice. Cons:The room and bathroom were extremely outdated. The bathtub was dirty and chipped beyond repair. The AC never went colder than 73 degrees even after continuously adjusting it. My biggest issue is the almost $50 a night resort fee during a season when the pools were all closed, there was no access to the hot tub’s, and although they offered Wi-Fi it was impossible to keep the connection going or even connect in certain places of the hotel. At one point I went to the gym and attempted to use the steam room but was told that I needed to get a day pass and pay for that service as it was not included in the resort fee. To this day I am trying to figure out what amenities the resort fee actually offered. We are not picky travelers but we will never stay at that resort again. D 6.0 Okay Debbie, Jan. 2020 Pros:It was in a great location to see the New Years fireworks Cons:The floor we were on was very smelly. The bathroom tiles had mold and the floor was dirty. N 8.0 Very good Nahlyee, Aug. 2019 Pros:Spacious suite upgrade was only $50/night with a great view of the strip. Cons:More menu options for vegans & vegetarians would have been a plus. J 7.7 Good Jessica, Jul. 2019 Cons:We couldn't get service on our phones the whole stay while in the hotel... Maybe they should offer free wifi A 6.0 Okay Anonymous, Jul. 2019 Cons:Tropicana was okay, rooms need to be updated. Friendly service. Hard beds. I would return. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, Jun. 2019 Pros:The location was perfect - on the strip but at the end so it was quiet and les congested. The room was a nice size and the bed comfortable. It was quiet and relaxing. Cons:Having a refrigerator would have been helpful. But that is really it. S 2.0 Poor Sma, May 2019 Pros:Nothing,the check in service is poor , the rooms are dirty and dusty, and outdated Cons:Renew the hotel and when the customer book a room it should be ready and available for him once he arrives. We came from a long flight and found that no available rooms for us and it took from them 2 hours to prepare the 1st room and another 1 hour to prepare the second room and all rooms are different types than what we reserved. A 8.5 Very good Anonymous, May 2019 Pros:Location of hotel Cons:i arrived on Saturday to find the safe in my room was not working , security came and tried to repair but couldn’t and informed us that it requires a locksmith who would not be available until Monday. I informed reception they said I could change rooms which was decent but after travelling for nearly 24 hours was the last thing I wanted to do. The only other option I had was to use was the safety deposit box which obviously is safe but a bloody nuisance to keep going up and down to reception to get money or jewellery ,it is now Tuesday I don’t think this is the way to run a ballroom. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, May 2019 Pros:Everything was really good, valet, check in, room condition, bar service and casino. Cons:We would stay again, everybody agrees. Location 3801 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV 89109 What's nearby Big Apple Coaster287 m Shark Reef Aquarium1.2 km Eiffel Tower Experience1.4 km Fountains of Bellagio1.5 km Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art1.5 km Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Sign2 km Madame Tussauds2.4 km Mirage Hotel Volcano Show2.4 km Las Vegas National Golf Club5.3 km Stratosphere Tower5.5 km A Little White Wedding Chapel6.5 km Fremont Street Experience8.3 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Low season May High season November Average price (weeknight) C$ 1,419 Average price (weekend night) C$ 465 Cheapest month to stay with an average 89% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 1,313% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel If you’re after a cheap room at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in May and January. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel, plan to stay on a Sunday or Monday. The most expensive day is usually Wednesday. The cheapest price a room at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 117, while the most expensive was C$ 134. How long should you stay at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 3 days. FAQs when booking at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel What are the best rooms to stay in at the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort and why? If you would like to stay in a spacious room at the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort without breaking the bank, opt for one of the hotel’s suites. The Paradise Suite is a warm beach-themed option that has a separate living room, a wet bar, and custom-designed furniture, while the Club Suite has a large bathroom, a comfortable chaise lounge in its living room, and decorations that make it look like a resort in Miami. What is the easiest way for visitors to go from McCarran International Airport to the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort? Because of the close distance between the two locations, it is possible to use either a car or public transportation to go from McCarran International Airport to the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort. The drive will last approximately 5 to 10m depending on which streets you choose to take, and an Uber will cost between $13 and $17 for a normal car, while a larger vehicle will be between $26 to $32. If you decide to use public transportation, you can take the local bus, which will take 20m and cost $2 per ticket. What special spa treatments are offered by the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort? The Elemis Skin Specific Facial is a 60m treatment that is meant to deep clean your face and help moisturize and heal your skin. If you feel that you are holding stress or tension in your body, make a reservation for the Glow Swedish Massage, a treatment that lasts between 50 to 80m and can focus on whatever part of your body you wish. To have skin that is soft, smooth, and glowing, opt for the Elemis Exotic Lime and Ginger Salt Glow, a service that lasts between 50 to 75m and uses warm oil and exfoliating salts to leave your entire body feeling silky. Does the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort offer any special packages or deals? If you are a member of the military or AAA, over the age of 65, or a government employee, you are always eligible to receive discounts on your booking at the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort. Discounts are also offered periodically through the casino, allowing you to win free chances to play table games and the slots. What meeting amenities are offered at the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort? In addition to several large event venues, the Tropicana Las Vegas a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and Resort has a full-time meeting planner team that will help you coordinate all the details for your important workshop or conference, such as catering and audiovisual equipment. Additionally, the hotel has its own floral shop that can create any table centerpieces or decorations that you will need. (Prices checked 29/05/19). Where is Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel located? Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel is located at 3801 Las Vegas Boulevard South in The Strip, 8.9 km from the centre of Las Vegas. Big Apple Coaster is the closest landmark to Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel. When is check-in time and check-out time at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel. Does Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel offers free Wi-Fi. Does Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel offer free parking? Yes, Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel offers free parking. How far is Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel from the airport? Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel is 2.2 km from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel is 32.4 km from Las Vegas Boulder City. Does Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel have a pool? Yes, Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Las Vegas and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 4-star hotel MGM Grand Hotel and Casino7.5 Good (8,384 reviews)0.18 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 103+ 4-star hotel New York-New York Hotel & Casino7.9 Good (6,040 reviews)0.37 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 98+ 3-star hotel 49% cheaperOYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas6.3 Good (7,811 reviews)0.44 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 33+ Rental 1-Bedroom Suite at a 4️ Hotel0.1 kmAir-conditioned, Flat-screen TVC$ 130+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Las Vegas 3-star hotel 49% cheaperOYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas6.3 Good (7,811 reviews)0.44 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 33+ 4-star hotel New York-New York Hotel & Casino7.9 Good (6,040 reviews)0.37 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 98+ 4-star hotel MGM Grand Hotel and Casino7.5 Good (8,384 reviews)0.18 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 103+ Rental 36% cheaperYou Found it, Amenity Packed Property Near Shark Reef Aquarium and High Roller!0.45 kmC$ 41+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Las Vegas 4-star hotel New York-New York Hotel & Casino7.9 Good (6,040 reviews)0.37 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 98+ 4-star hotel MGM Grand Hotel and Casino7.5 Good (8,384 reviews)0.18 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 103+ 3-star hotel 49% cheaperOYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas6.3 Good (7,811 reviews)0.44 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 33+ Rental Excalibur Hotel & Casino - Right on The Strip Where the Action Is -2 Queen Beds10 Excellent (1 review)0.4 kmAir-conditionedC$ 124+ Good to know Value for money 7.0 Distance to downtown 8.9 km Nearest Airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 2.5 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Nevada Las Vegas Hotels Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Top Hotel Destinations Amsterdam Hotels Revelstoke Hotels Toronto Hotels Niagara Falls Hotels Punta Cana Hotels Canmore Hotels Whistler Hotels Koh Samui Hotels Miami Hotels Mississauga Hotels Montreal Hotels Sydney Hotels Orlando Hotels Vancouver hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel discounts in Las Vegas with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel in Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel that suits you best. C$ 64 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.