The Parkdale Hostellerie C$ 30 (C̶$̶ ̶1̶9̶4̶). Toronto Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW The Parkdale Hostellerie 83 Elm Grove Avenue, Toronto, ON M6K 2J2, Canada +1 416 855 4606 From C$ 59 Cheapest rate per night 5.9 Passable based on 860 reviews The Parkdale Hostellerie Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Standard Room C$ 59 View Deal Double room C$ 64 View Deal Queen room C$ 86 View Deal 25 more The Parkdale Hostellerie deals 25 more The Parkdale Hostellerie deals About The Parkdale Hostellerie Hostel Room An affordable stay with shared facilities Clean and Tidy This stay has listed several different cleanliness practices. Freebies This stay includes Wi-Fi for free The Parkdale Hostellerie is a downtown Toronto hostel that is within walking distance of Queen Street. This city-center property is also close to Medieval Times, the Princess of Wales Theatre, High Park, Ontario Place, Exhibition Place, and plenty of local cafes and nightlife. Guests can also visit the PATH Underground Shopping Mall and the Art Gallery of Ontario. Public transit is nearby. Toronto Pearson International Airport is about 20 minutes from this hostel and Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport is less than 10 minutes away. The Parkdale Hostellerie offers six dorm-style and apartment accommodations on two floors. Parking is not available on the property for guests but public parking can be found nearby. This is a smoke-free property. There are select rooms that allow dogs, with a limit of one per room up to 50 pounds. Complimentary WiFi is available in all areas of the hostel. The hostel offers a terrace and an outdoor picnic area with grills for guest use. There is also a microwave and refrigerator in the common area, where guests will also find a lounge and other amenities. The dorm rooms have shared bathrooms. Apartments include a private bathroom with a shower. All of the guest rooms offer comfortable beds with linens included, coffee and tea service, and a ceiling fan for comfort. There is also a separate living and dining area in the apartment accommodations and all rooms offer various views of the city. Complimentary toiletries are provided. Hair dryers and ironing amenities are provided upon request. Read more Photos of The Parkdale Hostellerie Living room 1/24 Bathroom 2/24 Outdoors view 3/24 Bedroom 4/24 Bedroom 5/24 Living room 6/24 Bedroom 7/24 Bedroom 8/24 Bedroom 9/24 Bedroom 10/24 Bedroom 11/24 Bedroom 12/24 Outdoors view 13/24 Bathroom 14/24 Patio 15/24 Bedroom 16/24 Bedroom 17/24 Bedroom 18/24 Bedroom 19/24 Kitchen 20/24 Bedroom 21/24 Bathroom 22/24 Bedroom 23/24 Bedroom 24/24 All photos(24) Bedroom(15) Bathroom(3) Living room(2) Outdoors view(2) View all photos Latest deals for The Parkdale Hostellerie Thu 7/12 Mon 11/12 1 room, 2 guests Queen room See amenities C$ 86 View deal C$ 153 View deal Standard Room See amenities C$ 59 View deal C$ 83 View deal C$ 90 View deal Show 3 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 64 View deal C$ 68 View deal C$ 69 View deal Show 10 more deals *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at The Parkdale Hostellerie Adults only Free Wi-Fi Tea/coffee maker Coffee machine Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Parking Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Laundry facilities Hairdryer Health and safety Daily housekeeping Face masks for guests available Physical distancing in dining areas Physical distancing rules First-aid kit Process in place to check health of guests CCTV in common areas Enhanced cleaning CCTV outside property Hand sanitizer in guest accommodation and key areas Screens or physical barriers placed between staff and guests in appropriate areas Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays Guest accommodation sealed after cleaning All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Delivered food is securely covered Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Basics Free Wi-Fi Wi-Fi available in all areas Internet Linens Fan Towels Fire extinguisher Shampoo Smoke alarms Heating Body soap Air-conditioned Trash cans Conditioner Dining Electric kettle Grocery deliveries Shared kitchen Microwave Tea/coffee maker Refrigerator Food can be delivered to guest accommodation Coffee machine Dining area Dining table General Quiet street view Seating area Garden view Hardwood or parquet floors Inner courtyard view Interconnected room(s) available Lockers City view Storage available Bathroom Shared bathroom Shower Bathtub Hairdryer Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom Accessibility and suitability Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Adults only No smoking Non-feather pillow Upper floors accessible by stairs Outdoor Terrace/Patio Grill Balcony Outdoor dining area Garden Bedroom Reading light Fold-up bed Socket near the bed Clothes rack Wardrobe or closet Things to do Board games/puzzles Game room Evening entertainment Table tennis Parking and transportation Parking Private parking Media and entertainment Shared lounge/TV area Laundry Laundry facilities Workspace Desk Family friendly Indoor play area Show all 85 amenities Reviews of The Parkdale Hostellerie 5.9 FairBased on 860 verified guest reviews 4.8Friends 6.2Solo 5.3Couples 5.1Families Traveller type: Friends Solo Couples Families Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention double roomstaff was nicegreat locationbeds are comfortablegood placeclean goodcommon areas Traveler rating: Poor (80) Mediocre (25) Fair (18) Okay (22) Good (39) Very good (31) Wonderful (39) Sort by: Newest first A 9.4 Wonderful Anonymous, Jul. 2018 Pros:I went there for a night with a friend. We had a show at the Budweiser stage venue that was really close by so its location was perfect! We didn't stay long (we took a shower, slept and left super early) but we really like the place Cons:It's a bit hard to find, since there is no indication on the door outside. Just be sure to have the address with you Location 83 Elm Grove Avenue, Toronto, ON M6K 2J2 What's nearby Exhibition Place1.5 km High Park2.6 km Kensington Market2.9 km TIFF Bell Lightbox3.3 km Rogers Centre3.4 km Art Gallery Of Ontario3.4 km Princess of Wales Theatre3.4 km CN Tower3.6 km Ripley's Aquarium of Canada3.6 km University of Toronto3.7 km Nathan Phillips Square4 km Royal Ontario Museum4.1 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about The Parkdale Hostellerie Low season January High season June Average price (weeknight) C$ 67 Average price (weekend night) C$ 50 Cheapest month to stay with an average 40% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 81% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at The Parkdale Hostellerie Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at The Parkdale Hostellerie If you’re after a cheap room at The Parkdale Hostellerie, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in January and November. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at The Parkdale Hostellerie, plan to stay on a Tuesday or Wednesday. The most expensive day is usually Monday. The cheapest price a room at The Parkdale Hostellerie was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 38, while the most expensive was C$ 38. How long should you stay at The Parkdale Hostellerie? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 3 days. FAQs when booking at The Parkdale Hostellerie Where is The Parkdale Hostellerie located? The Parkdale Hostellerie is located at 83 Elm Grove Avenue in West End, 4.1 km from the centre of Toronto. Exhibition Place is the closest landmark to The Parkdale Hostellerie. When is check-in time and check-out time at The Parkdale Hostellerie? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at The Parkdale Hostellerie. Does The Parkdale Hostellerie offer free Wi-Fi? Yes, The Parkdale Hostellerie offers free Wi-Fi. How far is The Parkdale Hostellerie from the airport? The Parkdale Hostellerie is 2.7 km from Toronto Island. How does KAYAK find such great The Parkdale Hostellerie hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at The Parkdale Hostellerie in Toronto and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at The Parkdale Hostellerie and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for The Parkdale Hostellerie. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays Rental Attractive 2BR Condo with Balcony0.31 kmKitchenC$ 195+ Rental Luxury 2BR Condo in Popular Queen West0.32 kmKitchenC$ 3,164+ Rental Gladstone Suites - Toronto Central0.36 kmKitchen, air-conditionedC$ 270+ Rental Applewood Suites - 4 Bdrm King West0.36 kmKitchen, air-conditionedC$ 126+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Toronto Rental 57% cheaperStunning New 1br Suite Trendy Queen West0.37 kmKitchenC$ 21+ 3-star hotel 49% cheaperThe Jameson Stays0.58 kmWi-FiC$ 25+ Rental 31% cheaperLavish Suites - Two Bedroom Loft - Downtown Toronto0.53 kmKitchen, air-conditionedC$ 33+ Rental Newly Renovated Trendy Home With Private Terrace0.84 kmKitchenC$ 72+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Toronto Rental Lovely 1-Bedroom New Apartment Downtown10 Excellent (1 review)0.7 kmC$ 114+ Rental Exquisite Condo with Stunning Views in Downtown9.1 Excellent (7 reviews)0.71 kmCity view, Outdoor pool, KitchenC$ 224+ Rental One Bedroom Condo in Liberty Village Toronto9.1 Excellent (34 reviews)0.71 kmLake view, Private pool, Outdoor poolC$ 186+ 3-star hotel Sonder at Artesa9 Excellent (174 reviews)0.38 kmFitness centre, Free Wi-Fi, Tea/coffee makerC$ 183+ Good to know Value for money 6.6 Distance to downtown 4.1 km Nearest Airport Toronto Island Distance to airport 3.0 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in Canada Hotels in Ontario Hotels in Lake Ontario Toronto Hotels The Parkdale Hostellerie Top Hotel Destinations Lahaina Hotels Ottawa Hotels Syracuse Hotels Vancouver Hotels Mont-Tremblant Hotels Toronto Hotels New York Hotels Abbotsford Hotels Colombo Hotels Torremolinos Hotels Sun Peaks Hotels Puerto Vallarta Hotels Grande Prairie Hotels Corner Brook Hotels Niagara Falls hotels Mississauga hotels Tobermory hotels Kingston hotels The Blue Mountains hotels Wasaga Beach hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for The Parkdale Hostellerie discounts in Toronto with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for The Parkdale Hostellerie in Toronto. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at The Parkdale Hostellerie that suits you best. C$ 48 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.