Luxor Hotel and Casino C$ 29 (C̶$̶ ̶5̶0̶1̶). Las Vegas Hotel Deals & Reviews - KAYAK Sign in Flights Hotels Cars Flight+Hotel Travel Guides Vacation Rentals Plan your travel Direct Best Time to TravelNEW Explore Trips KAYAK for BusinessNEW Luxor Hotel and Casino 3900 South Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV 89119, United States +1 702 262 4000 From C$ 29 Cheapest rate per night 7.4 Good based on 21,737 reviews Luxor Hotel and Casino Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 1 room, 2 guests Room type Provider Nightly total Double room C$ 29 View Deal Queen room C$ 30 View Deal King room C$ 34 View Deal 223 more Luxor Hotel and Casino deals 223 more Luxor Hotel and Casino deals About Luxor Hotel and Casino Hotel Room You’ll have a private room with all the hotel’s amenities Enhanced cleaning This stay has committed to enhanced cleaning measures.Learn more You can't miss Luxor, the giant glass pyramid at the south end of the Strip. It's home to artifacts from the Titanic and a giant sphinx statue. The vibe: King Tut at the disco, a mid-range themed hotel, family-friendly without being a circus. What we love: It's a freakin' pyramid. From the bat-attracting megawatt light on top to the sphinx out front, we love the Egyptian touches - especially now that the kitschy décor has been dialed back from what the resort opened with in 1993. Luxor routinely offers some of the more affordable hotel rates on the Strip and the property is packed with things to do (the HyperX ESports Arena is our favorite). It won't break your budget, but you won't feel like you're staying in a budget hotel. Luxor has a large pool (and we're not just talking about the massive 125,650-square-foot deck). Their 19,000 square feet of sparkling water is bigger than the postage stamp-sized vanity pools you see at some resorts. Our only sadness is that it's closed seasonally from fall to spring. Insider tips: Enclosed, and more importantly, air-conditioned corridors connect the Luxor to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur so you'll never need to step outdoors in 100-degree weather. Good to know: The pyramid rooms have the added bonus that you get to ride an inclinator (a 39-degree angled elevator) to your room. Mark that off the bucket list. Pyramid rooms also open directly onto hallways that overlook the pyramid's atrium. Rooms on higher floors have a great view and also less noise. Keep in mind: All of the rooms are non-smoking. Guests who smoke in any room will have to pay a $300 cleaning fee upon checkout. Save yourself some money and smoke in designated areas like the casino. Want a cup of coffee in the morning? The Luxor, like many Las Vegas hotels, has eliminated coffee pots in their standard rooms. So if you need a java infusion in the a.m. head to the Starbucks located near the hotel lobby. Luxor has a massive casino (even by Vegas standards) so it's easy to get turned around. Just remember that while this is a pyramid, the bottom is a square (finally high school geometry pays off). If you get lost, head to the edge and follow it around. All the restaurants and the check-in desk are along the perimeter, with a food court) on the second level. At the center beneath the pyramid's apex is the casino. What shows and concerts are playing at the Luxor?: Shows playing at Luxor include: Fantasy, Blue Man Group, America's Got Talent Live, and Carrot Top. What is there to do at the Luxor?: Bodies. The Exhibition takes an in-depth look at the human body while Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition examines the ocean liner's fatal trip and HyperX Esports Arena immerses you in a gamer's paradise. What makes the Luxor unique?: The pyramid-shaped Luxor gets its name from a city in Egypt along the Nile River. The pyramid has become a Vegas skyline staple for its unique shape. Read more Photos of Luxor Hotel and Casino Pool 1/60 Living room 2/60 Bedroom 3/60 Bedroom 4/60 Bedroom 5/60 Living room 6/60 Outdoors view 7/60 Bar 8/60 Bedroom 9/60 Bedroom 10/60 Pool 11/60 Bar 12/60 Living room 13/60 Bar 14/60 Restaurant 15/60 Bedroom 16/60 Room amenity 17/60 Gym 18/60 Outdoors view 19/60 Pool 20/60 Bathroom 21/60 Room amenity 22/60 Restaurant 23/60 Pool 24/60 Living room 25/60 Conference room 26/60 Bathroom 27/60 Conference room 28/60 Pool 29/60 Pool 30/60 Bedroom 31/60 Stairs 32/60 Restaurant 33/60 Dining room 34/60 Pool 35/60 Shop 36/60 Bathroom 37/60 Other 38/60 Other 39/60 Lobby 40/60 Bedroom 41/60 Bedroom 42/60 Gym 43/60 Bar 44/60 Bedroom 45/60 Bedroom 46/60 Lobby 47/60 Bathroom 48/60 Bathroom 49/60 Bedroom 50/60 Bathroom 51/60 Hallway 52/60 Bathroom 53/60 Gym 54/60 Bedroom 55/60 Bathroom 56/60 Pool 57/60 Gym 58/60 Gym 59/60 Bedroom 60/60 All photos(60) Bedroom(14) Bathroom(8) Pool(8) Gym(5) View all photos Latest deals for Luxor Hotel and Casino Wed 6/12 Sun 10/12 1 room, 2 guests Resort Room See amenities C$ 66 View deal C$ 143 View deal C$ 303 View deal King room See amenities C$ 34 View deal C$ 34 View deal C$ 36 View deal Show 10 more deals Deluxe room See amenities C$ 65 View deal C$ 99 View deal C$ 101 View deal Show 8 more deals Double room See amenities C$ 29 View deal C$ 36 View deal C$ 76 View deal Show 10 more deals Premier Room See amenities C$ 41 View deal C$ 44 View deal C$ 46 View deal Show 10 more deals Executive room See amenities C$ 398 View deal Queen room See amenities C$ 30 View deal C$ 36 View deal C$ 38 View deal Show 10 more deals Standard Room See amenities C$ 80 View deal C$ 86 View deal C$ 90 View deal Show 10 more deals Superior Room See amenities C$ 78 View deal *Total includes estimated local taxes & fees payable on check out. Prices are based on the total costs of the stay, including taxes and fees. Amenities at Luxor Hotel and Casino Outdoor pool Spa and wellness centre Fitness centre Restaurant Bar/Lounge Room service Coffee shop Valet parking Business centre Flat-screen TV Services and conveniences ATM on-site Business centre Car rental Wake-up service Safety deposit box Concierge service Currency exchange on-site Mini-market on site Meeting/Banquet facilities Room service Key access Key card access Express check-out 24hr front desk Health and safety Daily housekeeping Contactless check-in/check-out Face masks for guests available CCTV in common areas CCTV outside property Use of cleaning chemicals that are effective against coronavirus 24-hour security Air purifiers Guest accommodation is disinfected between stays All plates, cutlery, glasses and other tableware have been sanitized Guests can opt out of accommodation cleaning Staff follow all safety protocols as directed by local authorities Disinfection of high-touch surfaces Basics Wi-Fi (surcharge) Linens Towels Fire extinguisher Shampoo Free toiletries Smoke alarms Heating Body soap Air-conditioned Trash cans Conditioner Accessibility and suitability Non-smoking rooms available Pets allowed on request. Charges may apply. Disabled Access Hypoallergenic Accessible by elevator Hypoallergenic pillow Allergy-free room Non-feather pillow Upper floors accessible by elevator Designated smoking area Bathroom Shower Shower cap Bathtub Toilet Toilet paper Private bathroom Walk-in shower Dining Snack bar Restaurant Bar/Lounge Breakfast in the room Vending machine (drinks) Coffee shop Pool and spa Spa and wellness centre Heated pool Hot tub Outdoor pool Sauna Media and entertainment Radio Flat-screen TV Cable or satellite TV Pay-per-view channels TV Laundry Ironing service Laundry service Iron and ironing board Pants press Things to do Casino Golf Evening entertainment Beauty salon General Telephone Tile/marble floor Carpeted Storage available Parking and transportation Parking Parking (surcharge) Valet parking Bedroom Socket near the bed Alarm clock Wardrobe or closet Workspace Fax/photocopying Laptop safe Desk Family friendly Cribs available Kid-friendly buffet Fitness Fitness centre Show all 96 amenities Reviews of Luxor Hotel and Casino 7.4 GoodBased on 21,737 verified guest reviews 7.5Friends 7.4Families 7.2Solo 7.4Couples Traveller type: Friends Families Solo Couples Time of Year: Mar-May Jun-Aug Sep-Nov Dec-Feb Show reviews that mention room was cleannice hotelfriendly stafflocation was greatgreat viewfridge in the roomresort feeclose to the stripfood too expensivegreat timehotel and casinocoffee makernice poolpyramidluxorair conditioningfront deskeast towerstaff wasn't very helpfulbed was comfortableroom had no viewgood valuelong lineroom was dirtysmelled like smoketwo nights Traveler rating: Poor (402) Mediocre (139) Fair (215) Okay (169) Good (239) Very good (315) Wonderful (704) Sort by: Newest first M 2.0 Poor matt, Nov. 2023 Hot water w my out in our room multiple times. There was music playing in main lobby/casino all night, which was audibly clear from your room. Due to the design of the building, there were limited elevators that filled quickly and took forever to come back down. Casino clearly hasn’t been updated since its creation, back in 1993. Spend the extra money and get a nicer place next time! A 4.0 Mediocre Anonymous, Aug. 2023 Worn down J 4.0 Mediocre Jose, Jul. 2022 We have stayed at the Luxor in the past, even after Clooney called it a sh*&ole in" Up in the Air". We laughed at the line in the movie, but thought it was a little harsh. Now, it seems spot on. First of all, the enormous wait at check in are annoying. We decided to download the app and check in and get digital room keys. Sadly, the digital room keys on the app don't seem to work at all. We tried them over and over in the elevator to no avail. We went to different elevators in our designated elevator bank (there were four in our designated bank, #3), and finally a fellow guest helped us by using his key and pressing our floor number. When we finally got to our room and tried the digital key on the door it appeared to work for a second (flashed green), but the door would not open. About another dozen tries later, the door miraculously opened. Eventually we went to a kiosk and printed room keys. The elevators to our floor (19) were positively terrifying, and I am not a shrinking violet (I like to scuba dive, am adventurous, etc). They wobble like crazy, and one elevator kept opening and closing the doors after we got in on floor 19, regardless of what we would do. We were literally trapped on our floor, because the elevator would not go anywhere while the doors kept malfunctioning. We eventually got out, but then we couldn't get another elevator in the bank because as soon as you hit the button, the haunted/broken elevator would open its door and try to entice you in. Eventually, we decided to find the stairs. They were very dingy, but I suppose they don't expect the guests to use them. We went down one floor and were able to get an elevator there. Mind you, this was at checkout, so we had all our suitcases with us. The room was OK, clean with nice linens and effective AC. We pre-paid for parking on the app, but on departure from the garage there was no way to get the parking machine to recognize our payment using the app. We had to call for help using the intercom. Really - this place is totally decrepit and non-functional. Deferred maintenance to the extreme. A 10.0 Wonderful Anonymous, May 2022 Everything was great, thought it was going to be an outdated Casino due to the age, but it looked and felt great. S 8.0 Very good Stephen, Apr. 2022 Starting to show some wear. Beds need to be replaced. M 2.0 Poor Michelle, Nov. 2021 It was way over priced for the quality of the room and facilities. Room was ok size. It faced the west and was hot, I couldn't get the thermostat to go lower than 65. The beds were old and the mattress was in poor shape (ironically I had a mattress sales person with me). The towels were not soft, very rough and stained. The fan vent was dirty. There we're no refrigerator, coffee makers, or microwaves forcing us to purchase over priced food in the hotel. Elevator is a nightmare. You wait and wait for it, half the the me the key card won't work so you can't get to your floor. If you have friends staying on a different floor, the elevator will not go to their floor unless they are on the elevator with you. Appreciate the safety feature but they should have told us this when we made our reservations this was very inconvenient for us to meet up with friends. Staff wasn't available to help and seemed not to want to ask questions. I 10.0 Wonderful Imani, Sep. 2021 This was very affordable and exactly what I needed in a pinch. I had a great experience and look forward to using kayak again and staying at the Luxor again ! Thanks. A 5.9 Fair Anonymous, Sep. 2021 Closest hotel to the raiders stadium, that was good. Did mobile check in, that was different and kinda cool, your phone was your room key and your parking pass. But had trouble getting a signal to use the app when trying to get in my room so we had to remember to get it ready before heading up to the room. No fridge. Shower doesn't have a door so we had to use towels to soak up all the water that splashed out. It was decent but not really impressed, smells smoky in the casino as well. E 7.9 Good Emily, Sep. 2021 Staying at the Luxor is a bit of an experience. The elevators in the pyramid are actually called inclinators and go up at an angle. That was fun and occasionally scary (ride could be smoother, but hey we survived!). The room was clean, large and comfy. Bed was comfortable and so were the pillows. The view was awesome, enjoyed the sunrise every morning. It’s a quieter part of the strip so that was nice. I totally don’t get why they close the pool at like 6pm though. A 7.9 Good Anonymous, Aug. 2021 Long walk from self park to anywhere. Elevators slow if running at all. Nice clean room and very friendly people everywhere. Location 3900 South Las Vegas Boulevard, Las Vegas, NV 89119 What's nearby Shark Reef Aquarium0.7 km Big Apple Coaster0.7 km Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Sign1.5 km Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art1.9 km Eiffel Tower Experience1.9 km Fountains of Bellagio1.9 km Madame Tussauds2.9 km Mirage Hotel Volcano Show2.9 km Las Vegas National Golf Club5.9 km Stratosphere Tower6 km A Little White Wedding Chapel7 km Fremont Street Experience8.8 km Policies Check-in/Check-out Check in anytime after 3:00 PM, check out anytime before 11:00 AM Cancellation/prepayment Cancellation/prepayment policies vary by room type and provider. Essential information about Luxor Hotel and Casino Low season March High season September Average price (weeknight) C$ 107 Average price (weekend night) C$ 260 Cheapest month to stay with an average 68% drop in price. Most expensive month to stay with an average 81% rise in price. Average Sun. - Thu. price over the last 2 weeks. Average Fri. & Sat. price over the last 2 weeks. When to book a room at Luxor Hotel and Casino Price per night. Prices are not fixed and may vary with time. Average nightly price per month Average nightly price Top tips for your stay at Luxor Hotel and Casino If you’re after a cheap room at Luxor Hotel and Casino, then you should consider staying during the low season. The cheapest deals can generally be found in March and July. Prices can also vary depending on which day of the week you stay. For the best room deals at Luxor Hotel and Casino, plan to stay on a Monday or Tuesday. The most expensive day is usually Friday. The cheapest price a room at Luxor Hotel and Casino was booked for on KAYAK in the last 2 weeks was C$ 85, while the most expensive was C$ 106. How long should you stay at Luxor Hotel and Casino? KAYAK users usually book their rooms here for 3 days. FAQs when booking at Luxor Hotel and Casino Does the Luxor Hotel and Casino offer any excursions or tours? To explore the nearby region, sign up for one of the several excursions or tours offered through the Luxor Hotel and Casino, such as Maverick Helicopters, which allows guests to see a birds-eye-view of the Las Vegas Strip and the surrounding area. The Hoover Dam Top-to-Bottom Discovery Tour is another popular choice that costs $175 per person and gives guests an intimate look at the dam, its recently constructed bridge, and the famous Colorado River. What is the best room to stay at in the Luxor Hotel and Casino and why? The Luxor Hotel and Casino has a variety of affordable suites that provide guests with extra amenities and space, such as the Pyramid Corner Queen Suite, which has two queen-size beds, two televisions, and an additional living room. For a particularly luxurious option, select the Pyramid Premier Suite, which has a private wet bar, its own dining room, and one king-size bed. The Tower One Bedroom Suite spans over 700 sq ft and has large floor-to-ceiling windows that look out on the surrounding region, as well as a dual-sink vanity, a soaking tub, a living room, and a dining room. What is the easiest way to travel from McCarran International Airport to the Luxor Hotel and Casino? When traveling from McCarran International Airport to the Luxor Hotel and Casino, it is possible to either rent your own private car, use a ridesharing application, or use the region’s public transportation. The drive between the two locations takes 10 to 15m depending on traffic at the time, with the average Uber or Lyft costing $14 for a standard car, and $27 for a large vehicle that fits between four to six passengers. If you are planning on opting for public transportation instead, you can use bus lines 109 and SDX, which cost $2 for a one-way ticket. Does the Luxor Hotel and Casino offer any additional amenities for guests? The Luxor Hotel and Casino offers several amenities through the official MGM Resorts application, such as the ability to open your hotel room with a digital key, the option to make instant restaurant reservations, and access to exclusive discounts for concert and show tickets. There is also the Mandalay Bay Tram which can be used for free by all guests and connects the Luxor Hotel and Casino, the Mandalay Bay, and the Excalibur Hotel, making it easy for visitors to travel around the Las Vegas Strip. What wedding packages are offered by the Luxor Hotel and Casino? If you are planning on celebrating your big day at the Luxor Hotel and Casino, there are several wedding packages that you can choose from. The Just Between Us package is meant for up to 10 guest and offers a small ceremony, a floral allowance of around $45, and a private dressing room that can be used for up to 30m before the ceremony. The Simplicity Package provides a photographer, personalized ceremony music, and six printed 4" x 6" photos to take home with you. (Prices checked 05/05/19). Where is Luxor Hotel and Casino located? Luxor Hotel and Casino is located at 3900 South Las Vegas Boulevard in The Strip, 9.5 km from the centre of Las Vegas. Shark Reef Aquarium is the closest landmark to Luxor Hotel and Casino. When is check-in time and check-out time at Luxor Hotel and Casino? Check-in time is 3:00 PM and check-out time is 11:00 AM at Luxor Hotel and Casino. How far is Luxor Hotel and Casino from the airport? Luxor Hotel and Casino is 2.6 km from Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl. Luxor Hotel and Casino is 33 km from Las Vegas Boulder City. Does Luxor Hotel and Casino have a pool? Yes, Luxor Hotel and Casino has a pool on-site. How does KAYAK find such great Luxor Hotel and Casino hotel deals? KAYAK scours the web for all room deals available at Luxor Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas and lets you compare them to find the best rate for your stay. Many different travel sites will offer discounts or deals at different times for rooms at Luxor Hotel and Casino and KAYAK will provide you with prices from a huge range of travel sites. That means that you can always find a great deal for Luxor Hotel and Casino. Nearby hotels and places to stay Closest See more nearby stays 5-star hotel 2-Bedroom Suite At Mandalay Bay Resort And Casino By Suiteness0.41 kmC$ 746+ 2-star hotel Hotel Galaxy5.1 Okay (1,274 reviews)0.47 kmWi-Fi, Wi-Fi available in all areas, Flat-screen TVC$ 88+ 4-star hotel Delano Las Vegas8.3 Excellent (891 reviews)0.51 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 142+ 3-star hotel Nirvana Hotel0.54 kmBar/Lounge, Flat-screen TVC$ 198+ Cheapest See cheapest stays in Las Vegas 3-star hotel 40% cheaperOYO Hotel And Casino Las Vegas6.3 Good (7,811 reviews)0.93 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 33+ 2-star hotel 30% cheaperMotel 8 Las Vegas0.57 kmWi-Fi, Cable or satellite TVC$ 38+ 4-star hotel Tropicana Las Vegas - a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel6.6 Good (2,497 reviews)0.56 kmOutdoor pool, Indoor pool, Spa and wellness centreC$ 64+ 2-star hotel Hotel Galaxy5.1 Okay (1,274 reviews)0.47 kmWi-Fi, Wi-Fi available in all areas, Flat-screen TVC$ 88+ Most recommended See most recommended stays in Las Vegas 5-star hotel Four Seasons Hotel Las Vegas9 Excellent (264 reviews)0.54 kmOutdoor pool, Spa and wellness centre, Fitness centreC$ 381+ 3-star hotel Home2 Suites by Hilton Las Vegas Stadium District8.9 Excellent (618 reviews)0.76 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Free Wi-FiC$ 208+ 3-star hotel Desert Rose Resort8.8 Excellent (4,722 reviews)0.87 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, Bar/LoungeC$ 138+ 2-star hotel Hampton Inn Tropicana8.6 Excellent (2,354 reviews)0.79 kmOutdoor pool, Fitness centre, RestaurantC$ 150+ Good to know Value for money 7.6 Distance to downtown 9.5 km Nearest Airport Las Vegas Harry Reid Intl Distance to airport 2.6 km Hotels North America Hotels Hotels in the United States Hotels in Nevada Las Vegas Hotels Luxor Hotel and Casino Top Hotel Destinations Vancouver Hotels Amsterdam Hotels Toronto Hotels Acapulco Hotels Savannah Hotels Old Orchard Beach Hotels Bangkok Hotels Rome Hotels Vaitape Hotels Washington, D.C. Hotels Grand Forks Hotels Rimouski Hotels Rancho Mirage Hotels Banff hotels Jasper hotels Calgary hotels Edmonton hotels Kelowna hotels Whistler hotels Site Site Canada Argentina Australia BelgiëFRNL Bolivia Brasil CanadaENFR Chile 中国 Colombia Costa Rica Danmark DeutschlandDEEN Ecuador El Salvador EspañaESCA France Ελλάδα Guatemala Honduras 香港EN繁 India IndonesiaIDEN Ireland IsraelENHE Italia 日本 MalaysiaENBM México Nederland New Zealand Nicaragua Norge Panamá Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico República Dominicana România SchweizFRDE SingaporeEN简 South Africa 대한민국 Suomi Sverige 台灣 Türkiye United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United StatesENES Uruguay Venezuela Việt NamENVI Österreich Česká republika Україна Saudi ArabiaAREN ประเทศไทยTHEN ©2023 KAYAK Search for Luxor Hotel and Casino discounts in Las Vegas with KAYAK. Search for the cheapest hotel deal for Luxor Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to help you find and book the hotel deal at Luxor Hotel and Casino that suits you best. C$ 54 per night (Latest starting price for this hotel). Not what you’re looking for? Find thousands of other hotels, flights and car rentals with KAYAK.