trivago.ca - Terms of Use Terms of Use trivago AGREEMENT BETWEEN USER AND TRIVAGO N.V. 1. Introduction Welcome to the trivago.com website (the "Website"). The terms "we", "us", "our", “trivago” and "trivago N.V." refer to trivago N.V. having its offices at Kesselstraße 5-7, 40221 Düsseldorf, Germany, a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam under registration number 67222927. Access to our Website, any trivago mobile or tablet application, or any other feature or other trivago platform (collectively the "Platform") is offered to you conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions, and notices set forth below (collectively, the "Terms"). We recommend that you print a copy of these Terms for future reference. Please read these Terms carefully, as they contain important information about limitations of liability. You should also read our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of our Platform and sets out the terms on which we may process any personal information that we collect about you, or that you provide to us, and is incorporated by reference into these Terms. The Privacy Policy can be found here. By accessing or using our Platform, you acknowledge and agree to have read, understood, and agreed to be legally bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use or access our Platform or contact our support centre here. 2. Changes to the Terms We may amend these Terms from time to time to comply with any regulatory requirements or if there are changes to our business practices. We will where reasonably possible to notify you of any material changes to these terms, however, every time you wish to use our Platform, please check these Terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at the time. Your use of our Platform will be subject to the most recent version of the Terms available on the Platform. We recommend that you read through the Terms available on the Platform regularly so that you can be sure that you are aware of any changes that may apply to you. 3. Access and Use of the Platform The Platform is currently made available to you for your personal, non-commercial use, free of charge. We do not guarantee that access to the Platform, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of the Platform without notice to you. You must not misuse the Platform by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or any other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Platform, the server on which the Platform is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Platform. You must not attack the Platform via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Platform will cease immediately. 4. We Do Not Sell Hotel Products The Platform is a hotel search engine that provides users with comparisons for different offers for hotel rooms. trivago does not provide, own or control any of the hotel services and products that you can access through our Platform (the “Hotel Products”). The Hotel Products are owned, controlled or made available by third parties (the “Hotel Providers”), either directly (e.g., a hotel) or through a facilitator of hotel reservations (e.g., an online travel company). The Hotel Providers are responsible for the Hotel Products and all booking contracts, including for example trivago Express Bookings. The booking of a Hotel Product will solely be made with the Hotel Provider. The Hotel Provider’s terms and privacy policies apply to your booking, so you must agree to, and understand those terms. Further, the terms of the hotel where you plan to stay, if different from the Hotel Provider, will also apply to your booking, so you must also agree to, and understand those terms. Your interaction with any Hotel Provider accessed through our Platform is at your own risk, and trivago does not have any responsibility should anything go wrong with your booking. trivago has no control over the Hotel Products or Hotel Providers. For more information about how trivago works, we recommend that you read our FAQs, which can be found here and are incorporated by reference into these Terms. trivago hosts content, including prices, images and other information, made available by or obtained from Hotel Providers (“Provider Content”), as well as content provided by users, such as comments, ratings and other information (“User Content” and together with the Provider Content, the “Content”). trivago is in no way responsible or liable for the accuracy, quality, completeness, reliability, timeliness or trustworthiness of the Content, and trivago has no influence over the Content. In particular, we do not guarantee that Provider Content, in particular the prices reflected therein, will be updated in real time or that a particular Hotel Product will be available. As a result, the price displayed by a Hotel Provider may not correspond to that displayed on our Platform. Hotel ratings displayed on this Platform are intended as only general guidelines, and we do not guarantee the accuracy of the ratings or of any User Content. 5. trivago Express Booking and trivago Book & Go The “trivago Express Booking” and trivago Book & Go service facilitate the booking of a Hotel Product with a Hotel Provider through our Platform. We may make trivago Express Booking and/or trivago Book & Go available in our discretion from time to time. If you opt to use trivago Express Booking or trivago Book & Go (where available), the booking will be made with the Hotel Provider named on the booking page respectively the checkout page, and trivago will forward the booking information that you provide to the relevant Hotel Provider. When you make a booking through trivago Express Booking or trivago Book & Go, our Platform acts as only a user interface, and you will only have a valid booking with a Hotel Provider if you receive written confirmation within a maximum of 24 hours from that Hotel Provider accepting your booking. The contract for the relevant booking will be made between you and the Hotel Provider. trivago will indicate the Hotel Provider, who is the actual merchant of record, e.g. on the checkout page, the booking website or in the terms and conditions for the booking. trivago has no responsibility for the booking or the Hotel Product because trivago neither creates the description of the Hotel Product, defines the price and any fees, confirms any booking nor provides the Hotel Products that you book. If you have any issues or disputes around your booking and/or the Hotel Product, you agree to address and resolve these with the Hotel Provider. 6. Use of the Platform As a condition of your use of our Platform, you agree that: you are at least 18 years of age; you possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation; you will use the Platform in accordance with these Terms; you will only use this Platform for your private use to search for legitimate hotel deals; if you use the Platform on behalf of someone else, you will inform them about the Terms that apply to any searches and/or bookings you have made on their behalf, including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto; all information supplied by you to our Platform is true, accurate, current and complete; and if you have a trivago account, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your account by you and anyone other than you. We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to our Platform and the services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of these Terms. The Hotel Products presented on the Platform are displayed in the currency you have selected. If you do not select any currency, the relevant currency for the respective top-level domain will be used as the default. Our currency conversion is for information purposes only and should not be relied upon as accurate and real time. Some Hotel Products may also be sold in another currency than the one preset or chosen by you for the display of the search results. Actual rates may vary and your payment provider (e.g. your credit card company) may charge conversion fees and apply another date’s exchange rate. All prices displayed are to be understood as applying per night. For booking periods in excess of one night, the average price per night for the selected period is displayed. Prices stated do not include booking fee, VAT, service fee, hotel fee, resort fee or city tax. 7. trivago Members You have the option of joining the trivago community by creating a member account within the trivago member area. Members can publish self-generated content, as well as actively participate in the Platform’s development via the administrative functions. Unregistered users may read the content on trivago for free. Members will have the option to manage and store their own searches. In order to create an account, you will need to provide certain personal information. Other than your user name, no personal information is made visible. Upon the deletion of your account, we will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary or as long as we are required to do so by law. For further information please refer to our Privacy Policy. trivago only allows one account registration per person. You are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of your personal information. You are responsible for the use of your account and the confidentiality of your user account information, in particular your password. You must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable your account or password, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with these terms of use. If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must notify trivago immediately. 8. User Obligations and Prohibited Activities As a user of the Platform you are responsible for any User Content (text, photos, reviews, links, etc.) that you upload to trivago. You must ensure that you have all the rights in respect of any content which you publish on the trivago Platform and that any User Content does not violate the rights of third parties. In particular, you must not create and upload any User Content that: is advertising disguised as a review; does not have specific content for a reviewed item; is not objective or intentionally untrue; is immoral, pornographic or in any other way offensive as determined in trivago's sole discretion; infringes upon the rights of third parties, in particular copyright; violates applicable laws in any way or constitutes a criminal offence; contains viruses or other computer programmes that may damage software or hardware or that may affect the use of computers; is a survey or chain letter; or is aimed at collecting or using personal data or harvesting electronic addresses from other users, especially for commercial purposes. Additionally, you agree not to: use our Platform or its contents for any commercial purpose; make any speculative, false, or fraudulent reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand; access, monitor or copy any content or information of our Platform using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission; violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on our Platform or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to our Platform; take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; deep-link to any portion of our Platform (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any hotel services) for any purpose without our express written permission which we may withdraw at any time in our discretion; or "frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of our Platform into any other website without our prior written permission which we may withdraw at any time in our discretion. If your activity on our Platform shows signs of fraud, abuse or suspicious activity, trivago may deny its services to you, and close any associated trivago accounts. If you have conducted any fraudulent activity, trivago reserves the right to take any necessary legal action and you may be liable for monetary losses to trivago, including litigation costs and damages. To contest the cancellation of a booking or freezing or closure of an account, please contact trivago customer service. 9. Links to and from the Platform Our Platform may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than trivago. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other practices of such websites. These Terms will not apply to your use of any third-party website that you access via our Platform. Your use of any third-party website may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which we suggest you read carefully before you visit any such website. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from our Platform or other websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. 10. Intellectual Property Rights We are the owner or licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Platform and the Content (including, but not limited to, price and availability of hotel services) as well as the infrastructure used to provide such Content. While you may make limited copies of your itinerary (and related documents) for hotel reservations booked through our Platform, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from or through this Platform. If you copy or use any part of the Platform in breach of the Terms, your right to use the Platform will cease immediately and you must destroy any copies of the materials you have made. You agree not to generate automated page impressions or content on the Platform. 11. Privacy and Cookies trivago believes in protecting your privacy. Please click here to review our Privacy. Any personal information that we collect about you as you browse and use our Platform will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. To find out more about the data we collect about you and how we use it please review our current Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of the Platform and, as stated above, is incorporated by reference. 12. Availability We do not guarantee that our Platform will always be available, be uninterrupted, secure or free from bugs or viruses, nor that the Platform will be free from errors or omissions. We shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside of our reasonable control, including, without limitation, any failure to perform due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond our control such as acts of god, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, epidemic or other natural disaster, shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labour or materials or a failure of public or private telecommunications networks. 13. Our Liability is Limited trivago makes no representations about the suitability of the Content displayed on our Platform for any purpose. The display on our Platform of a Hotel Product or any Content does not in any way imply, suggest, or constitute any sponsorship or approval of such Hotel Product or such Content by such Hotel Provider, or any affiliation between such Hotel Provider and trivago. All Content and any other information provided on our Platform are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. trivago disclaims all warranties and conditions that this Platform, its servers or any email sent from trivago are free of viruses or other harmful components. trivago hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to any Content or any other information provided on our Platform, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular response, title and non-infringement. The Hotel Providers are independent from trivago and are not agents or employees of trivago. trivago is not liable for the acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any Hotel Provider, including for injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting therefrom. trivago will not be liable for any cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond its direct control. trivago does not accept responsibility for the uninterrupted accessibility to our Platform and may carry out technical or maintenance work on the Platform at any of its choosing. In no event shall trivago be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this Platform or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this Platform (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing on this Platform; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products and services obtaining through this Platform; or otherwise arising out of the access to, display of or use of this Platform) whether based on a theory of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, consumer protection statutes, or otherwise, and even if trivago has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If, despite the limitation above, trivago is found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of, or in any way connected with, any of the occurrences described above, then the liability of trivago will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, One-Hundred Pound (£ 100) or the equivalent in local currency. The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms is found to have failed its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these Terms survive the termination of your relationship with trivago. Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability for (a) death or personal injury caused by our negligence, (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, (c) or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law. 14. Dispute Resolution trivago is committed to customer satisfaction, so if you have a problem or dispute, we will try to resolve your concerns. But if we are unsuccessful, you may pursue claims as explained in this section. EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, WHICH MAY INCLUDE THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC, you agree to give us an opportunity to resolve any disputes or claims relating in any way to the Platform, any dealings with our customer service agents, any services or products provided, any representations made by us, or our Privacy Policy (“Claims”) by contacting trivago’s customer support centre. If we are not able to resolve your Claims within 60 days, you may seek relief in court. EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, WHICH MAY INCLUDE THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC, any and all proceedings to resolve Claims will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. For non-consumers (including commercial end users) and to the extent permitted by law, these terms and conditions and the provision of our services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with German law and any dispute arising out of these general terms and conditions and our services shall exclusively be submitted to the competent courts in Dusseldorf, Germany. For consumers, EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, WHICH MAY INCLUDE THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC, these Terms and the provision of our services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with German law. However, if you are a consumer and resident of any other European Union country you will benefit from, and if you are a consumer and resident of any other non- European Union country you might benefit from, mandatory provisions of, and legal rights available to you under, the laws of that country. Nothing in these Terms affects your rights as a consumer to rely on these local law mandatory provisions and legal rights. You and we agree that the courts of Dusseldorf, Germany have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a consumer and resident of any other country you and we may also bring proceedings in that country. 15. Complaints or Queries If you have any queries or complaints about the Platform, please contact our support centre here. We will use reasonable efforts to respond to you promptly. 16. General Our performance of these Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms limits our right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of our Platform or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use. These Terms do not create or infer any rights that are enforceable by any person who is not a party to them. We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms to another organisation, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under these Terms. You may only transfer your rights or obligations under these Terms to another person if we agree in writing. If any part of these Terms is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired. Our failure or delay in enforcing any provision of these Terms at any time does not waive our right to enforce the same or any other provision(s) hereof in the future. Fictitious names of companies, products, people, characters, and/or data mentioned on the Platform are not intended to represent any real individual, company, product, or event. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Linkedin Arab World (العالم العربي)ArgentinaAustraliaAustria (Österreich)Belgium (België)Brazil (Brasil)Bulgaria (България)CanadaChileColombiaCroatia (Hrvatska)Czechia (Česko)Denmark (Danmark)EcuadorFinland (Suomi)FranceGermany (Deutschland)Greece (Ελλάδα)Hong Kong (香港)Hungary (Magyarország)IndiaIndonesiaIrelandIsrael (ישראל)Italy (Italia)Japan (日本)Korea (한국)MalaysiaMexico (México)Netherlands (Nederland)New ZealandNorway (Norge)Peru (Perú)Philippines (Pilipinas)Poland (Polska)PortugalRomania (România)Serbia (Srbija)SingaporeSlovakia (Slovensko)Slovenia (Slovenija)South AfricaSpain (España)Sweden (Sverige)Switzerland (Schweiz)Taiwan (台灣)Thailand (ประเทศไทย)Turkey (Türkiye)UAEUnited KingdomUruguayUSAVietnam (Việt Nam) Company Jobs Press Investor relations Mobile apps - searching on the go trivago Business Studio Help Learn how trivago works Terms and conditions Legal information Do not sell my personal information Privacy notice Cyber Security trivago N.V., Kesselstraße 5 – 7, 40221 Düsseldorf, Germany Copyright 2023 trivago | All rights reserved.